---
layout: single
title:  "Analyst Institute: Sr. Data Scientist"
date: 2017-11-08
tags: 
    - analyst
    - nonprofit
    - datamanagement
    - tech
    - executive
---

The Analyst Institute is hiring a Senior Data Scientist & an Operations Manager.
The Analyst Institute values diversity in thought, background and experience, and we’re an equal opportunity employer. People of color, people with disabilities, women, and LGBTQIA candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

The Analyst Institute is seeking a [Senior Data Scientist](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/senior-data-scientist). As Senior Data Scientist you’ll:
Support a small, capable, tight-knit team of researchers and practitioners with your statistical and programming expertise, serving as our resident methodologist. 
Tackle some of the hardest statistical and technical problems facing the progressive movement.
Identify new areas for improvement, both internally and for the community, and leverage resources to address them.
[Read more about the role and apply here](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/senior-data-scientist)
 
The Analyst Institute is looking for an [Operations Manager](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/operations-manager). The mission of our Operations Manager is to make Analyst Institute run like a well-oiled machine. This means that no two days are the same, but a few examples of things this hands-on strategic thinker might do include: 
Analyze and recommend improvements for our systems and processes to bring the same cutting-edge thinking to our team that we provide to our clients. 
Keep our finances organized and be a driver for improvements on how we budget and plan for the future.
Orient new staff and interns to our unique and awesome culture. Be an integral part in continuing to build and maintain that culture.
Provide logistical support for events and retreats.
[Apply today!](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/operations-manager)
