---
layout: post
title:  "Michigan Voice: Data & Targeting Manager"
date: 2017-11-21
categories: vendor, clientservices, nonprofit, datamanagement
---

[Full Job description here](http://www.statevoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/2017-11-10-MI-Data-Targeting-Manager.pdf)

Michigan Voice, a fiscally sponsored project of State Voices, is recruiting for a Data & Targeting Manager. 

To apply, please send resume, cover letter, and salary requirements to jobs@statevoices.org   Please indicate “Michigan Data” in the email subject line.  Resumes will be accepted until the position is filled; however, preference will be given to resumes received by December 4, 2017.  Please, no phone calls.


Summary: Data-driven thinker with experience using VAN (or comparable sophisticated database) and the sensibility of a trainer and organizer sought for dynamic coalition serving over 30 501(c)(3) organizations in Michigan with a shared commitment to advancing democracy reform and increasing civic engagement among women, youth, and people of color.  



About Michigan Voice: Michigan Voice believes that every voice is worth fighting for.  We believe a democracy is judged by its ability to ensure that all residents can participate and have a say in their government and a voice in the decision-making structures around issues that impact their lives. We envision a Michigan where 100 percent of eligible voters can successfully cast a ballot on Election Day and where the engagement with public life continues throughout the year.  

Michigan Voice, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, is a dynamic network of over 30 nonpartisan organizations leveraging their collective power to mobilize and engage people, particularly those from groups that are historically underrepresented in the electorate. Michigan Voice works in alliance with State Voices, a national network of 22 state networks consisting of more than 750 diverse organizations working for change.  



Role of the Data and Targeting Manager: The Data and Targeting Manager’s mission is to enable Michigan Voice partner organizations to make data-driven, strategic choices in their program work. The Data & Targeting Manager also serves as an analyst of trends in the larger 501(c)(3) civic engagement community in Michigan, specifically providing insight into the behavior, trends, and concentration of the state’s New American Majority, which consists of people of color, voters under age 35, and voters in low-income households.   
