---
layout: post
title:  "American Strategies: Senior Research Associate"
date: 2017-10-19
categories: 
---

[Job description here](https://amstrat.com/#sra)

American Strategies is seeking an experienced, and motivated Senior Research Associate with expertise in the area(s) of political polling and quantitative research methods. This individual’s primary responsibility will be to oversee and conduct research projects, including questionnaire design, field oversight, analysis and presentation.  American Strategies conducts public opinion surveys for trade associations and non-profit organizations engaged in advocacy campaigns, candidate campaigns and for clients’ internal research purposes. 

Responsibilities include:
•	Design sample frames, write questionnaires and analyze survey results.
•	Prepare written reports, presentations and external communications summarizing survey results, findings, and implications.
•	Coordinate with internal teams to support projects.
•	Explore and deploy new survey methodologies to integrate with traditional  phone surveys.

Qualifications:
•	Three to five years experience conducting public opinion research, such as questionnaire design, survey administration, data management, and data analysis preferred
•	Prefer research experience with trade associations, political organizations, political campaigns or non-profit groups  
•	Exceptional writer and editor, with uncompromising attention to detail and accuracy
•	Bachelor’s degree or higher in social science, statistics, mathematics, survey research or related field 
•	Demonstration of strong verbal and written communications skills
•	Ability to work independently under minimal supervision
•	Excellent oral and written communication skills
•	Strong quantitative ability and experience working with polling data 
•	Qualitative research experience a plus.

We Offer:
•	Growth opportunities
•	Opportunity to work at home
•	Opportunities to participate in high quality research and influence decision making 
•	Competitive benefit/compensation package

American Strategies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
