---
layout: post
title:  "Michigan Democratic Party: Voter File Manager"
date: 2017-11-14
categories: campaigns, datamanagement
---

POSITION: Voter File Manager, Michigan Democratic Party.

RESPONSIBILITIES: Under the general supervision of the Chief Operating Officer, maintain and improve the voter file; work with State Party staff, volunteers, local party organizations, vendors and others to acquire issue and partisan identification information by canvassing, phone and other means; train candidates and local party organizations in the use of web-based voter file; during the six months prior to November in a General Election year, duties may be changed to include working on campaigns.

QUALIFICATIONS: A commitment to the goals and ideals of the Democratic Party is a prerequisite. Computer literacy required. Experience in political campaigns or comparable experience, and working with computerized databases highly-preferred. Must be organized, responsible and able to work independently under pressure in a challenging political environment. Must be willing and able to travel extensively throughout Michigan.

BENEFITS: Medical, dental and optical insurance and a 401(k) pension plan. Reimbursement available for certain work-related expenses.

APPLICATION PROCESS: Send letter expressing interest and a resume setting forth all relevant qualifications and experience to Megan Lizotte, midemparty@michigandems.com, with Voter File Manager Application in the subject line, or mailed to the Michigan Democratic Party, 606 Townsend, Lansing, MI 48933, ATTN: Voter File Manager Application.

The Michigan Democratic Party is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
