---
layout: post
title:  "350.org: Data Director, Digital Director and more"
date: 2017-10-19
categories: 
---
Multiple jobs at 350.org including [Data Director](https://boards.greenhouse.io/350org/jobs/836875#.WejnWROPLfY) and a [Digital Director](https://boards.greenhouse.io/350org/jobs/880795#.WejnWhOPLfY)
Additional other positions available, all listed [here](https://boards.greenhouse.io/350org#.WejnjhOPLfZ)
Position locations flexible in US, Europe & Africa.

At 350.org, we believe in a safe climate and a better future — a just, prosperous, and equitable world built with the power of ordinary people.

Said another way: We’re aiming to make the kind of change the world needs, not what’s been deemed “politically feasible” by governments. We pick unrealistic fights, and then win them.

We’re looking for a driven and creative Data Manager to ensure that 350.org’s digital properties and tools are optimized for performance, and engage in big-picture strategic thinking about how technology, data, and code can serve the organization’s goals.

We’re looking for someone who is 100% committed to building a better world as fast as we possibly can, and has the talent and heart to deliver. Is that you?

About 350.org

350.org is building a global grassroots movement to solve the climate crisis. Our online campaigns, grassroots organizing, and mass public actions are led from the bottom up by thousands of volunteer organizers in over 188 countries. 350.org works hard to organize in a new way—everywhere at once, using online tools to facilitate strategic offline action. We want to be a laboratory for the best ways to strengthen the climate movement and catalyze transformation around the world.
