---
layout: single
title:  "National Democratic Redistricting Committee: multiple"
date: 2017-12-14
tags: 
    - nonprofit
    - datamanagement
    - tech
---

[Job description here](https://democraticredistricting.com/careers/)

The National Democratic Redistricting Committee is hiring multiple positions including Census Director, Director of Digital Communications Strategy and Technical Product Manager.
See the link above for all the descriptions.

Technical Product Producer

JOB OVERVIEW

NDRC seeks a Technical Product Producer to develop and execute our redistricting software program as well as oversee other data and mapping demands, as necessary.  The TPP will work closely with stakeholders, product vendors and software developers to gather data requirements and manage the overall product development process.  The TPP will also provide direction, guidance and support on the delivery, training and use of the redistricting software program.

RESPONSIBILi.t.IES

Define the scope of NDRC’s mapping tools and services
Work closely with our external partners to conduct a landscape analysis of redistricting technical tools available
Drive planning and requirement for features by both building and managing development and product teams
Ability to understand technical subjects and emerging technologies and use the right tools
Ability to translate user requirements into software features and detailed technical requirements
Communicate product benefits to stakeholders including support and training
Capability to manage experts in their volunteer capacity, as needed
Capability to assess data platforms and interact with various platform types
Ability to understand highly technical subject matter and to communicate about that subject matter to both technical and non-technical audiences
 
QUALIFICATIONS

5+ years of previous experience leading an engineering team
Background developing mapping or data analysis software
Must be able to collaborate and interact across functional boundaries and across multiple organizational levels
Experience with GIS or comparable mapping software is ideal
Cybersecurity experience a plus
Ability to work well collaboratively
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 
APPLICATION PROCESS

To apply for a position at the NDRC, please submit a cover letter and resume as PDF attachments on an email to jobs@democraticredistricting.com. Please address your cover letter to “Hiring Manager” and put the title of the position you are applying for in the subject line.

EQUAL OPPORTUNi.t.Y & DIVERSi.t.Y POLICY

The NDRC is committed to building a staff that reflects the diverse communities that make up our country. The NDRC prohibits discrimination of employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment on the basis of gender, disability, race, age, national origin, color, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including marital and parental status), gender identity and expression, religion, economic status, ethnic identity, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. This policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of the NDRC, including opportunity for employment and treatment as a NDRC employee. The NDRC is an equal opportunity employer and will comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination in employment.
