---
layout: post
title:  "Jewish Voice for Peace: Tech. Solutions Coord."
date: 2017-10-16
categories: tech
---

[Job description here](https://jewishvoiceforpeace.catsone.com/careers/index.php?m=portal&a=details&jobOrderID=10005244)
	
Job Title: Technology Solutions Coordinator
Reports to: Director of Operations and General Counsel
Team: Operations, Digital
 
Job Purpose:

The Technology Solutions Coordinator extends the reach and influence of JVP by providing secure automation and technology support to amplify the efforts of field, communications, and fundraising staff and projects. This is not an entry-level position as it requires someone who can identify and find solutions for JVP’s wide range of technology needs.  As a member of the Operations Team, this position creates, maintains, and improves the web, data, digital security, and other technological infrastructure necessary for the organization’s operations, and works with staff across multiple offices to optimize organizational use of technological tools.
 
Duties and responsibilities:

Lead JVP in developing and continuously improving JVP’s technology strategy
Find, implement, and maintain strong secure tools for organizing, fundraising, and digital communications goals.
Oversee all technological infrastructure at JVP
Ongoingly identify which of our systems are most in need of upgrading and changing, and leading the efforts to find or create new tools to meet those needs
Train JVP staff and, when appropriate, members, in basic tools and technology including but not limited to Excel, Google suite, Zoom, LastPass, EveryAction, etc.

Manage and optimize digital security of JVP communications and data.
Identify and train staff, board & others on digital security current best practices
Conduct regular assessments of data & communications threats, assets, and staff comfort with security tools and policies
Respond to security-related incidents in real time
Oversee and maintain appropriate access levels to tools & data for staff, board, and other stakeholders
Onboarding and offboarding staff, interns, volunteers, etc. with regards to JVP digital security practices and providing access to information where needed.

Lead Data/Automation efforts
Assess need and opportunity for automating high-volume activities in JVP to increase staff impact
Identify automation needs that may require custom API development for our major data systems (EveryAction, Paypal, etc.), including assessments for reliability and simplicity.
Maximize data quality by designing and maintaining user inputs (form fields, import sheets, etc.), monitoring data systems, performing regular data quality assessments, and performing data hygiene operations as needed.
Work with other key staff to develop tools and skills among staff to make data and analysis readily accessible for strategy and evaluation (e.g. reports, Excel macros), including ongoing work to troubleshoot and support end-users over time.

Provide Hardware/Software assistance where needed
Provide support and trace the sources of data issues or tool malfunctions and clean/repair
Assist staff in purchasing, running, and optimizing hardware and software. Staff hardware includes mostly Macs, no servers.
 
Qualifications:

 Languages
HTML & CSS
Javascript (including AJAX, jQuery & Bootstrap)
PHP (including cURL) & SQL

Skills/Abilities
Experience in assessing and translating human and technological systems
Ability to prioritize when receiving a number of requests
Familiarity with EveryAction and other CRMs/data management tools 
Ability to identify the point of diminishing return 
Ability to take initiative in driving strategies and troubleshooting; works well independently
Data analysis and testing proficiency, relational database knowledge
Experience and proficiency at project management and contractor supervision
Online service administration background
Web management (hosting, registration, DNS)
Experience training and supporting remote non-technical staff & others (technology educator)
Experience developing and implementing security incident responses
Software development experience a plus
Experience using browser developer tools
Working knowledge of WordPress software a plus
Knowledge of web accessibility a plus

Personal Qualities
Compatibility with JVP’s mission
Approaches technology as a tool in service of social justice
Patience
Quick learning/adaptability
Takes initiative

People of color, Sephardi or Mizrahi applicants, and transgender or gender non-conforming applicants strongly encouraged to apply.

Compensation:  This is an exempt, salaried full time position. The salary starts in the fifties with a generous benefits package.

Location: Bay Area or New York City preferred. Can work remotely.

To apply:  To apply, click the blue Apply Now button and submit your resume, cover letter, and contact information for three references (we will not contact references without your permission) in one document.​ Applications are due November 1, 2017

Jewish Voice for Peace opposes anti-Jewish, anti-Muslim, and anti-Arab bigotry and oppression. JVP does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, ethnicity, religion, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, sex, marital status, disability, or status as a U.S. veteran.
