---
layout: single
title:  "JVA Campaigns: Director of Data, Testing, and Innovation"
date: 2017-12-26
tags: 
    - vendor
    - clientservices
    - campaigns
    - citygov
    - digital
    - analyst
    - nonprofit
    - datamanagement
    - tech
    - executive
    - intern
    - i.t.
---

Director of Data, Testing, and Innovation
[Job description here](http://www.jvacampaigns.com/apply/Data_Director.pdf).

Are you ready to be a part of our team?
JVA Campaigns is a national, award-winning political consulting and public affairs firm that specializes in direct mail and digital
advertising. We are based in Columbus, Ohio – the battleground of all political battlegrounds. Our clients span the spectrum of the
progressive movement – candidates, labor unions, state parties, caucuses, advocacy organizations, and nonprofits. This is a full time, permanent position with a flexible start date.

Primary roles:
1) Work with our account team to identify and select voter targets for direct mail and digital
communications, using a variety of voter files and other data sources.
2) Design and implement direct communication experiments targeting voters and constituents.
3) Stay up-to-date on the latest advances in persuasion and mobilization psychology and tactics, and
communicate best practices to our team and our clients.

Qualifications
* Teamwork – Proven experience collaborating with a team to achieve objectives. (i.e. Your team was stronger for having you there than without.)
* Data Management – Previous data management experience on electoral or issue based field campaign(s)
* Educating Others – Experience communicating technical subject matter (i.e. use of models, messaging) to less technical audiences
* Technical Background – Strong Microsoft Office (esp. Excel, PowerPoint) and data management (esp. SQL, Vertica) skills. Data visualization skills, using software like Tableau, would be nice.
* Communication – Exceptional written and verbal communications skills

A few more things:
We provide medical, dental, and vision coverage as well as a 401k program on the very first day of employment. To apply please send your resume, cover letter, and data visualization and/or writing samples to jobs@jvacampaigns.com with “Data Director” in the subject line.

JVA Campaigns is an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to building a dynamic and
diverse workforce. 
