---
layout: single
title:  "Communication Workers of America (CWA): Data Specialist"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - union
---

In preparing for the opportunities and challenges ahead of us, the Communications Workers of America (CWA) is investing more deeply in technology that can amplify the voices and needs of working people in our democracy. We are hiring passionate problem solvers who will take our membership data systems and processes to the next level. Are you creative and passionate about finding solutions to make technical tools more accessible for everyone? Join our growing team! Together we will brainstorm, collaborate, build, and continue to improve the ways in which CWA takes data in from its members and uses it to make high stakes decisions. You will work closely with CWA affiliates across the country and have opportunities to collaborate with other teams within CWA including Communications, Organizing, Political, and Research on data-based projects.

CWA represents 700,000 workers in public and private sector employment in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. CWA members work in telecommunications, information technology, the airline industry, news media, broadcast and cable television, education, health care and public service, law enforcement, manufacturing and other fields.

The Data Specialist works in the Secretary-Treasurer's office with the Director of Data and Information Systems. In this role, you will have a rare opportunity in a new position to develop and implement data strategy at one of America's most progressive labor unions.

Responsibilities

 In this role, you will work primarily with CWA's membership and dues processing system and liaise with members from affiliates nationwide who work with the system.
* Take the lead on working with affiliates to promote engagement and understanding of the national membership system
* Provide recommendations on development priorities
* Administer, support, and train users
* Assist staff and affiliates in developing strategies, data processes, and reporting to accurately measure progress toward maintaining and using membership data
* Integrate and analyze membership and dues data from a variety of sources to support CWA's membership growth, retention and engagement goals
* Work with leadership and staff to establish standards for data collection, acquisition, preservation, analytics, and hygiene.

Required Skills and Experience

We are looking for someone who is committed to CWA's vision of economic justice and who has a real passion for implementing systems that enable organizations to thrive.

* Ability to manage data for a large member- or donor- based organization
* Ability to train people with a range of skillsets on technical tools
* Ability to apply flexibility and creative problem solving to enforce the necessary use of certain systems
* Experience handling multiple responsibilities, working independently within the context of a plan
* Good communication and relationship-building skills including the ability to communicate technical subjects to non–technical individuals
* Curious, and a brave learner, not afraid to pursue challenges and growth opportunities
* Ability to travel and work long and extended hours when needed

We especially encourage applications from people who have these additional skills:
* Familiarity with online and electoral tools and datasets such as Catalist, VAN, and other constituent relationship management tools like Action Network
* Moderate or better SQL ability
* Experience with programming language such as Python or R
* Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Periscope, or Google Data Studio
* Experience working with APIs
In addition you should be comfortable with using the Microsoft Office suite and GSuite/Google Apps.

Job Specifications
* Salary: $56,294 - 79,320

[See more and apply here](https://www.unionjobs.com/listing.php?id=13484)
