---
layout: single
title:  "270 Strategies: Data Team Lead"
tags: 
    - vendor
    - clientservices
    - campaigns
    - datamanagement
---

270 STRATEGIES SEEKS A DATA TEAM LEAD
CHICAGO, IL OR WASHINGTON, DC DATA FULL TIME
[Job description here](https://jobs.lever.co/270strategies/76b3af61-43aa-498e-a672-3e2276e25b65).

You will be a creative, collaborative self-starter with strong leadership skills, attention to detail, and 4-7 years of experience with analytics and data management. You should have a deep knowledge of CRM tools, both as a user and a manager.  You should believe in the power of grassroots organizing, as well as the integration of digital and offline organizing. You should be excited to help campaigns, causes, and companies do big things. 
 
You will be responsible for developing innovative, integrated, data-driven strategies for our clients, as well as setting the vision for 270 Strategies’ data and analytics work and managing the staff on this team.
 
This position will be based in Chicago, IL, or Washington, D.C., and will require some travel. Salary and benefits commensurate with experience. 

What you'll do as a data lead at 270 Strategies:
* Develop innovative, integrated campaign strategies for specific clients.
* Manage 2-3 staff directly.
* Coach and guide clients on how to build an in-house data analytics program.
* Offer clients recommendations on CRMs and other data tools.
* Provide in-depth analysis of client data sets, starting with identifying what data clients have available to them.
  
Skills and experiences that you'll bring:
* 4-7 years of experience with analytics and data management.
* Experience with at least 2 of the following systems and an ability to coach others on them:  Sql, Python, or R.
* Experience as an administrator for at least 2 of the following: VAN, BSD, NationBuilder, Salesforce, PDI, Action Network.
* High level proficiency with Microsoft Excel is a must. 
* Strong leadership experience, and the proven ability to lead a team.
* Excellent communication skills.
* Experience managing multiple complex, fast paced projects at once, and proven ability to produce materials within a deadline.
* Ability to coach others in how to execute a data program.
* Ability to assess disparate data sets and systems, and being able to bring them together in to a cohesive analysis.
* Experience interpreting and implementing models for the purposes of targeting and understanding audiences.  Do not need to be proficient at building models.
* Enthusiasm for a team-based work environment.
* A sense of humor, a willingness to embrace both your own quirks and others’, and a passion for progressive issues.

Major plusses:
* Experience with digital analytics.
* Experience with a wide variety of CRM tools.
* A track record of working with diverse partners.
* Experience with or knowledge of political campaigns. 

APPLICATION PROCESS:
Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and three (3) professional references through our online posting. Please include the position you are applying for in your cover letter. 

ABOUT 270:  
270 Strategies is a next-generation grassroots firm that is redefining how companies, causes, and organizations build winning campaigns and achieve big things.
 
Our company was born of the basic belief that grassroots campaigns can change the world. We named our firm “270” for the number of electoral votes required to win the presidency.  Our team used grassroots and digital organizing to achieve our strategic goals on both historic Obama campaigns – and we help our clients do the same.
Unlike traditional consulting firms that focus exclusively on marketing, 270 Strategies believes effective, 21st century campaigns must integrate people-centered, grassroots organizing with smart digital strategies and a data-driven approach. The 270 team uses the lesson learned after years of leading the Obama organization to help clients connect with key constituencies, design innovative programs, and put their ideas into action. 
270 Strategies is committed to diversity among its staff, and recognizes that its continued success requires the highest commitment to obtaining and retaining a diverse staff that provides the best quality services to clients and constituents. 
270 Strategies is an equal opportunity employer and it is 270 Strategies’ policy to recruit, hire, train, promote and administer any and all personnel actions without regard to sex, race, age, color, creed, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, ethnic identity or physical disability, or any other legally protected basis.
