---
layout: single
title:  "Organization United for Respect: Database Associate"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
    - union
---

The Organization United for Respect (OUR) seeks a Database Associate to manage our database as it relates to digital strategies to organize hourly retail workers, activate allies, and achieve campaign goals. 

About OUR
OUR is a dynamic organization of retail workers dedicated to improving the lives of those working in the country’s largest job sector through peer workplace support and community building. OUR is a key driver in a new, dynamic movement of low-wage workers that is changing the national conversation about low-wage work and empowering workers with education around their workplace rights and community based resources so they can achieve job stability and improve working conditions. OUR’s success derives from its investment in developing high level leadership from its base and using social media to connect people into communities of peer support and action.
OUR is most known for OUR Walmart, a national organization of current and former Walmart workers that has achieved national scale and impact through an innovative fusion of workplace based and online outreach and education as well as strong community partnerships. We are growing our movement in the broader retail industry and have just launched Rise Up Retail to take on campaigns that affect retail workers across employers. OUR members support each other, share information around their rights and resources, advocate for improved workplace conditions, share their stories publicly, propose policy improvements, participate in intensive leadership training, and build alliances with community partners.

About this position
The Database Associate is part of the digital team working to advance our online-to-offline organizing and corporate campaigning work. We reach and engage thousands of working people through email, social media, text, and phone in a pathway that moves them into offline action.
We are looking for a results-driven, highly organized, and process-oriented person with a successful track record in CRM management in issue based work.

Scope of work
* Implement online organizing strategies to advance worker justice campaigns by coordinating with digital and field teams to achieve both national and local campaign goals
* Project manage CRM migration to ensure all data gets adequately moved from one system to another
* Recommend, develop, and implement dashboards and regular reports of data and metrics to assess organizing program
* Develop guidelines, instructions, and trainings for field team to provide ongoing support around data hygiene and best practices
* Project manage implementation of new organizational website, regular updates, and ongoing maintenance
* Manage civic engagement data work, including voter file, and implementation of new relational organizing tools
* Maintain clean lists and work with others on the digital team on targeting and segmenting audiences
* Support digital lead generation efforts
* Keep projects on track and communicate regularly with the team
* Additional digital campaigning responsibilities as assigned, may include social media management, content creation, copy-writing, and website management

Qualifications
* Minimum 2 years experience in a digital or database management role
* Tech-savviness, including proficiency in CRM management (EveryAction strongly preferred) as well as VAN
* Adept at queries and data analysis with minimal guidance
* Adept at writing reports and presenting findings to internal and external stakeholders
* Strong proficiency in HTML, Google Analytics and A/B testing is required
* Expertise in WordPress or Drupal a plus
* Knowledge of SQL a plus
* You have a track record of analyzing numbers and translating them to make recommendations on programmatic outcomes, strategies, and tactics
* You’ve produced and implemented online content for non-profit advocacy organizations or national organizing campaigns using social media and email
* You are extremely detail oriented and nerd out over spreadsheets. You know what a VLOOKUP is and can tackle complex data questions with minimal guidance
* You understand issues facing communities of color, women, and low-and moderate-income families

Salary Range: $50,000 to $60,000 salary depending on experience. Ability to travel is a must.
Location: This is a remote position. We are accepting applications nationally and will hire the strongest candidate
OUR is an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to equity. People of color, women, and LGBT candidates are encouraged to apply.

[See more and apply here](https://our.hiringthing.com/job/86451/database-associate)
