---
layout: single
title:  "American Votes: Michigan Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
---

America Votes seeks an experienced individual for the full-time position of Michigan data director. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data and targeting services. We seek an experienced individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage these services and work with state partner groups. The data director will report to the state director.

# Organization Overview

America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community. We lead collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections and protect every American's right to vote. Our organization works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to our partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit our website at www.americavotes.org.

# Location

Detroit or Lansing, MI

# Responsibilities

* Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance and execute programs. This includes assisting partners in employing program implementation best practices as well as converting technical data to actionable recommendations.

* Lead data presentation development. Must be comfortable developing district profiles, landscape memos, slide show presentations and other documents to communicate data analysis with key stakeholders.

* Work with the state director to lead America Votes-Michigan data analysis and coordination efforts and provide strategic data-driven recommendations to partners on field and targeting.

* Work with consultants and other America Votes staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation and management of voter and member data.

* Manage voter file access for America Votes partner organizations and their consultants. This includes administration and security plus training end-users, as well as providing technical assistance as needed.

* Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web based programs and text messaging programs.

* Work with other America Votes staff and partner groups to ensure that political and voter contact programs are maximizing shared voter file, targeting and other data resources. This includes supporting America Votes staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans.

* Lead partner and organizational VAN and data trainings.

* Other responsibilities as assigned.

# Qualifications

* Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and at least two cycles of experience using data for program development in candidate or issue-based campaigns.

* Strong VAN skills are required; familiarity with other online electoral/advocacy tools and constituent relationship management tools is a plus.

* Advanced Excel skills are required; usage of Google Drive programs is a plus. 

* Additional knowledge of other software for mapping (ArcGIS, QGIS, etc.), reporting (Periscope, Tableau, etc.), data manipulation and analysis (R, Python, etc.) or data management (Access, SQL, etc.) is a plus.

* Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills that will further the mission of the America Votes table and assist in presenting data to partners in an accessible manner. 

* Candidates should have a diplomatic, professional approach to problem-solving while working independently and on a team, as well as the ability to manage several tasks/projects concurrently and prioritize work effectively.

* Must be a self-starter willing to work long, irregular “campaign-style” hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems.

* Ability to demonstrate excellent communication skills and professional conduct, especially under pressure.

* Experience working with diverse communities and organizations building power in underrepresented communities.

* Successful applicants will have a dedication to service, spirit of curiosity and sense of humor.

* One cycle of in-state experience preferred.

# Compensation

Salary is commensurate with experience: $52,000 - $56,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401K.
 

# To Apply

Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form found at https://americavotes.org/jobs/?job_id=518d0a66-3601-4c56-96a2-455505839009.

If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email Caitlin Opperman at recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials.

**Due to the holidays, please note that we will not be emailing folks about next steps until at least January 8, 2018**

America Votes is committed to creating a dynamic, multi-cultural, diverse working environment. Candidates of color and diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

America Votes is an equal opportunity employer.
