---
layout: single
title:  "DCCC: Database Administrator"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - datamanagement
    - tech
    - i.t.
---

Database Administrator
Location: Washington, DC

About the DCCC: The DCCC is the official national Democratic campaign committee charged with electing Democrats to the U. S. House of Representatives. The DCCC recruits Democratic candidates and supports Democratic campaigns – both challengers and Democratic incumbent Members – with a variety of services including field operations, fundraising support, communications assistance, research support and management consulting. In addition, the DCCC’s Independent Expenditure supports these campaigns with television, radio and other voter contact efforts. The DCCC is supported by the contributions of individuals and organizations, along with Democratic Members, from throughout the country. We look for talented and hard-working campaign professionals who are committed to electing more Democrats and taking back the House majority.

Position Summary: The Database Administrator (DBA) at the DCCC is primarily responsible for managing and maintaining our political and financial database systems, such as NGP Software, Dynamics NAV (AKA Navision), and Intuit Quickbase. This includes creating and running complex SQL queries to provide staff with information and reports in a format that they can work with. The DBA will work with all of our departments in assisting them with performing their required tasks as efficiently and effectively as possible. The DBA must possess the ability to communicate effectively with non-technical staff to ascertain their needs and to provide them the information they need. The DBA is also expected to render assistance to the Committee’s I.T. Department to provide technical user support on an as-needed basis.              

Responsibilities Include:
* Advanced SQL query formulation
* Manage and implement SQL Server database systems
* Manage, create and implement procedures for maintaining Committee data systems, especially NGP
* Work with vendors to integrate and import their data into our systems effectively
* Perform necessary data hygiene procedures to maintain Committee data systems
* Assist Accounting Department with FEC reporting tasks (imports, exports, manipulations, and finding data errors)

Required Skills and Qualifications:
* 3+ years; NGP Fundraising Software expertise
* 3+ years; Database Development & Administration (MS SQL-Server)
* 3+ years; SQL Programming (Microsoft SQL Server preferred)
* Some Technical User Support experience
* Experience with advanced MS Excel functions (Logical, Financial, String & Array Functions)

Preferred Skills and Qualifications:
* 1+ years; Visual Basic programming (VBA, VBScript)
* Some System/Network Administration experience
* Experience developing in Intuit Quickbase
* Experience with Dynamics NAV (AKA Navision)
* Experience with FEC Reporting and Compliance

Equal Opportunity/Diversity Policy: The DCCC prohibits discrimination of employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment on the basis of gender, disability, race, age, national origin, color, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including marital and parental status), gender identity and expression, religion, economic status, ethnic identity, veteran's status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. This policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of the DCCC, including opportunity for employment and treatment as a DCCC employee. The DCCC is an equal opportunity employer and will comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination in employment.
DCCC's equal opportunity policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of the DCCC, including opportunity for employment and treatment as a DCCC employee, as well as opportunities for Consultants to contract with the DCCC.
The DCCC is committed to building a staff that reflects the diverse communities that makeup our country and the Democratic Party. Working towards the goal of a diverse DCCC, our policy extends to both Staff and Consultants.

[Job description here](https://dccc.org/jobs/)
