---
layout: single
title:  "Center for Community Change: Electoral Data Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---
The Center for Community Change (CCC) builds the power and capacity of low-income people, especially low-income people of color, to lead powerful and dynamic movements for social change. With our community-based partner groups, we bridge the grassroots and the national, supporting outsider strategies to disrupt the status quo while also building pathways to influence the insider conversation.

Our vision of a better world centers the leadership of impacted people of color to move our work on immigrant rights, economic justice, and racial equity, including a focus on jobs and housing, early childhood care and education, income supports, and immigration reform.

This position also supports the Center for Community Change Action (CCCA), an affiliated 501(c)(4) advocacy organization. While motivated by the same core values – equity, inclusion, and justice – CCC and CCCA operate independently of one another and each organization has its own board of directors.

Position Description:

The Center for Community Change is seeking an experienced and detail oriented Electoral Data Manager to be part of our multiple campaigns. The Data Manager will be responsible for day-to-day management of data and analytics for electoral and organizing programs in coordination with staff in multiple states. Specifically, this role will own maintenance of targets across channels of program (including field, digital and mail), manage reporting on joint program, ensure data pipelines enhance collaboration and accountability, and partner with program staff to develop and measure against quantitative program goals. The role will work in consultation with the organizational data teams and is managed by the National Political Director. The position requires strong data management and communication skills. A successful candidate will not only understand the structure and management of data but should also be someone highly committed to training and developing staff inside and outside our organization.

Principle Responsibilities:

Targeting and Data

  * Develop and maintain individual voter targeting and assist with paid media targeting for all partner organizations.
  * Work with field leadership to break overall regional goals down into smaller goals, develop timelines and work plans, and produce reports to tell the story of our team’s progress
  * Work with program vendors to effectively import and integrate their data into our data systems.
  * Develop relationships with voter file, data, and technology vendors
  * Supervise and monitor VAN usage to ensure data integrity and security

Systems Integration and Standards

  * Ensure complex data management systems across state-based partners run smoothly
  * Establish data standards for creating and tracking program metrics in VAN and other data systems.
  * Build, deploy, and maintain centralize data gathered in the course of partner granted program across three states, utilizing Civis Platform and other tools.

Strategic Guidance and Daily Reporting

* Working with the National Political Director and national staff at each partner group, provide guidance and support to state staff to implement best practices in field data and support for targeting and outreach.
* Build and maintain reporting on voter contact and organizing, utilizing pipelines from partner organizations’ in-house data systems.
* Oversees dataflow and vendor relations necessary to providing for and improving upon reporting systems around online and offline organizing.

Testing & Experiments

* Supporting the management of data implementation for testing programs.
* Develop and Manage the experiment designs as needed
* Analyze post-election results to determine program effectiveness

Skill Development and Training

* Conduct trainings, as needed, with national partner groups and staff
* Support partners and CCCA staff with all VAN tools
* Troubleshoot day-to-day VAN issues for CCCA field staff and partners
* Represent CCCA with political players, community leaders, allied organizations and coalitions.

[See more and apply here](https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?clientkey=DF58E8C1C017E6442045EF890382F922&jpt=&job=8451)
