---
layout: single
title:  "Minnesota DFL: Voter File Manager"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - campaigns
    - citygov
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
    - executive
    - i.t.
    - intern
    - nonprofit
    - tech
    - union
    - vendor
    - vendors
---

The Minnesota DFL seeks a Voter File Manager to manage the day-to-day voter file needs of DFL, county party organizations, state and federal campaigns, and activists.

VFM responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
* Day-to-day management of users and committees in VoteBuilder;
* Developing and implementing a training program for VoteBuilder statewide in conjunction with the Field Department, including a regular webinar schedule;
* Maintaining a data dictionary of all DFL data assets;
* Creating and maintaining survey questions, activist codes and other VoteBuilder infrastructure;
* Creating all shared searches and targets;
* Maintaining the DFL Coorindated My Campaign database;
* Providing timely and relevant analysis of data and fielding requests for specialized research projects, in many cases requiring rapid turnaround;
* Tracking and disseminating analysis of voter contact results, early vote and absentee turnout, voter registration, and other data relevant to campaigns and caucuses

Qualifications:
* At least two cycles of prior campaign experience preferred.
* Demonstrated data analysis and writing skills, preferably in a political environment.
* Ability to plan and manage time sensitive projects with competing needs.
* Working knowledge of statistical models, precinct targeting, etc. a plus.
* Knowledge and familiarity with VAN.
* Intermediate knowledge of Excel including formulas, functions, and pivot tables.
* Intermediate knowledge of Access (or other SQL database) including creating queries and manipulating large data sets.
* Familiarity with GIS preferred but not required.
* Experience standardizing data from multiple sources to produce complex reports.
* Strong attention to detail, including accuracy of data entry.
* Ability to multitask and manage time effectively.
* Capacity and desire to work long hours in a campaign setting.

[See more and apply here](https://www.dfl.org/jobs/voter-file-manager/)
