---
layout: single
title:  "Universal Service Administrative Co.: Data Scientist"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - consultants
    - nonprofit
---

We are currently seeking an experienced, dynamic and collaborative professional to serve as a Data Associate within our EDS team.  Reporting to the Director of Strategy and Insights you will:

Be the primary contact for data reporting and analytics, including requirements gathering for reports, aggregating and presenting information from various programmatic data sources for monthly and quarterly reporting purposes.
This is an outstanding career opportunity for an individual interested in a genuine professional challenge in support of a public-spirited mission.

Responsibilities

Working in a creative and fast-paced environment, the Data Associate will develop and produce reports for USAC’s programs, USAC’s business units, and external stakeholders, such as the FCC and telecommunication carriers.  Among others, your responsibilities will include the following:

* Analyze large sets of program data to identify opportunities to improve the efficiency, integrity, and stakeholder experience of Universal Service program participants.
* Perform research and analysis using programmatic data, to relay programmatic impacts, trends, patterns, statistics, etc. across the company.
* Recommend program process improvements based on data while maintaining reporting standards while ensuring consistency and quality of deliverables.
* Create and maintain queries using SQL or other programming languages (with a preference for Open Source programming languages such as R and Python) as necessary for consistency and efficiency of data retrieval from various systems.
* Research methods and tools to create efficiency for reporting, GIS mapping, and other analytical and computational processes.
* Maintain, develop, and implement policies and procedures that ensure the accuracy and integrity of USAC program data and reporting.
* Participate in the evaluation of new technologies to ensure the technology architecture and data analysis and visualization tools are in line with company’s evolving business intelligence needs.
* Support managers, directors, and members of the leadership team in various projects, as needed.
* Other specific duties as assigned.

[See more and apply here](https://careers-usac.icims.com/jobs/2026/data-scientist/job?mobile=false&width=940&height=500&bga=true&needsRedirect=false&jan1offset=-300&jun1offset=-240)
