---
layout: single
title:  "EveryAction: Sales Engineer; SQL Developer"
tags: 
    - clientservices
    - datamanagement
    - tech
    - vendor
    - vendors
---
EveryAction is hiring for multiple positions: 
Are you passionate about helping nonprofits do more good in the world by providing them with the tools to make a greater impact? Do you have deep connections within the nonprofit community and a knack for problem-solving? Do you want to work with a really awesome team of people? If so, we’d love to talk to you about joining EveryAction.
We’re a successful growing company of over 200 people based in Washington, DC and Boston, MA.  We’ve been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in America by Inc. Magazine for eight years in a row and one of the top 50 fastest growing companies in the DC area by both the Washington Business Journal and SmartCEO.

[EveryAction Sales Engineer](https://ngpvan.applytojob.com/apply/hCqw1wgJKe)
The ideal candidate has digital experience at a non-profit/PAC/c4 and is a quick learner & problem solver. Great communication skills - both with technical and non technical internal teams as well as with outside organizations & clients. 

[NGP VAN SQL Developer](https://ngpvan.applytojob.com/apply/RcF7c0KJHR)
The ideal candidate has basic SQL experience, an understanding of software engineering principles, and a passion for politics to join our Database Development team. Our team works closely across departments and product lines to create the database structures and processes that power our CRM and our online actions toolkit.
