---
layout: single
title:  "Center for Commmunity Change: Donor Database Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

The Center for Community Change (CCC) builds the power and capacity of low-income people, especially low-income people of color, to lead powerful and dynamic movements for social change. With our community-based partner groups, we bridge the grassroots and the national, supporting outsider strategies to disrupt the status quo while also building pathways to influence the insider conversation.
Our vision of a better world centers the leadership of impacted people of color to move our work on immigrant rights, economic justice, and racial equity, including a focus on jobs and housing, early childhood care and education, income supports, and immigration reform.

This position also supports the Center for Community Change Action (CCCA), an affiliated 501(c)(4) advocacy organization. While motivated by the same core values – equity, inclusion, and justice – CCC and CCCA operate independently of one another and each organization has its own board of directors.
The Donor Database Manager is an essential member of CCC/A’s Institutional Advancement team, strategically organizing and managing all aspects of the donor database (Raiser’s Edge). Holding primary responsibility for ensuring the functionality and integrity of the donor database, the Donor Database Manager works closely with the Institutional Advancement, Finance, and other team’s across the organization. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced database professional to help guide a team, and an organization, into best practices for data and information sharing.

Principal Responsibilities:

Gift Processing & Finance
* Manage the data entry and processing of all pledges, gifts, and contributions coming from multiple sources including checks (mail), credit cards (online), and stocks/wire transfer.
* Ensure that all foundation grant gifts are entered with appropriate payment schedules.
* Maintain a strong electronic and paper filing system for gifts and pledges.
* Generate accurate, timely, and appropriately worded acknowledgment letters for all donations.
* Produce and distribute weekly revenue reports.
* Produce and distribute monthly pledge and grant payments reports.
* Serve as the liaison with the Finance team for financial adjustments and reconciliations.
* Assist with the preparation of reports for the organization’s annual audit.

Data Entry & Hygiene
* Perform routine data entry to update constituent, relationship, event, and participant records.
* Create and run all required imports of mass data sets.
* Preform and make recommendations for routine data enrichment services.
* Establish and enforce standards for database and donor records including data entry and procedures, tracking, and coding systems.
* Maintain and enhance the data structure of attributes, code tables, business rules, and all other set up functions.
* Create an internal database training and policy guide; establish quality control reporting to maintain the accuracy of ongoing data entry.
* Perform regular data integrity auditing and analysis, making recommendations for streamlining processes and undertaking data clean-up projects as appropriate.

Reporting
* Provide accurate and timely reports, queries, and data exports as requested by the team.
* Assist team in setting up dashboards and views in order to access data in real time.
* Gather and analyze statistical data and generate reports to support fundraising efforts.
* Serve as driver for mailing pulls, review of suppressed donors, and creation of donor segmentation for solicitation purposes.
* Assist with reporting on revenue projections, tracking, and reconciliation.
* Produce the yearly annual report donor listing in timely, streamlined and accurate manner.

Database Operations
* Provide ongoing training for staff members across the organization on key database functions.
* Serve as primary contact with Raiser’s Edge/Blackbaud and other technology vendors.
* Stay up to date on best practices and database updates.
* Apply creative thinking and strategic planning to all database processes and policy decisions.

Qualifications:
* 4-5 years direct experience working with a donor database CRM in a nonprofit environment, preferably Raiser’s Edge and Raiser’s Edge NXT, including dataset analytic tools, queries, and reports.
* Skilled with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook.
* Strong understanding of fundraising best practices and development operations.
* Knowledge of accounting principles as related to fundraising practices.
* Highly organized and detail-oriented.
* Demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, multi-task and work under pressure.
* Strong written and interpersonal skills, customer service, and patience.
* Passion for social justice and a commitment to work in solidarity with the people most directly impacted by injustice; understanding of CCC/A’s partner organizations.
* This position reports to: Deputy Director of Institutional Advancement

The Center for Community Change recognizes a staff bargaining unit affiliated with IFPTE Local 70, a union for non-profit workers. This position is included in the CCC bargaining unit and covered under the terms of the collective bargaining agreement.
Travel Requirements: Minimal travel required; 2-3 days per year.
Salary & benefits: $55,000 – $60,000 annual salary. CCC offers competitive salaries. CCC also offers an excellent benefits package, which includes 4 weeks of annual paid vacation; additional paid holiday leave between December 24 and January 1; 8% employer contribution to retirement account after six months of employment (and 3% employer contribution for the first 6 months); and a choice of generous health insurance plans.
This position is located in Washington, DC.
Closing Date of Position: Open Until Filled

How to apply: [Please click here](https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?job=11894&clientkey=DF58E8C1C017E6442045EF890382F922) to submit a cover letter sharing your personal interest as well as salary expectations, a resume, and two writing samples.
