---
layout: single
title:  "SEIU-UHW: Healthcare Justice Phone and Digital Campaign Coordinator"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - union
---

Are you ready to win campaigns, grow the movement and get better at winning and growing?

SEIU-UHW is a union of 95,000 healthcare workers and patients – and growing. We are leading and winning (yes, winning) the campaign for healthcare justice and economic justice for all Americans.

You are a tech-savvy organizer who has led campaigns, phone operations and field programs. Now you are ready to bring your considerable energy, discipline and creativity to maximize the potential of a 300-station statewide volunteer phone bank operation – not just for one election cycle, for the long term.

You will develop the union’s technological and human capacity to use the phone bank to contact and build relationships with hundreds of thousands of voters, healthcare workers and patients to win 2018 candidate races, ballot initiatives, political pressure, organizing and bargaining campaigns. Your work will contribute to the growth of our member leadership, our union, and the labor movement. It will transform the resistance into the revolution (no pressure).

The Healthcare Justice Phone and Digital Campaign Coordinator works closely with the political, data, technology and field teams but reports directly to the Healthcare Justice Campaign Director.

Position: Healthcare Justice Phone and Digital Campaign Coordinator  
Classification: Full-time, Permanent, Exempt  
Location: Northern or Southern California  

[See more and apply here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9_aAEjlRGgQRGNDZjljcFE1dER0SEtIWjJSd1Joc0MwVnow/view?usp=sharing)
