---
layout: single
title:  "MoveOn.org: Data Analyst"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - data
    - nonprofit
---

Full-time • April 1-November 30, 2018 • Competitive Pay • Excellent Benefits
Work from Anywhere in the Continental U.S.

Our country is in a crisis, and stakes in 2018 couldn’t be higher. Since Donald Trump took office, MoveOn members have been a pillar of the resistance to the radical policies coming out of Congress and the White House. In this election, MoveOn will mobilize a grassroots wave to take back our government and create a nation where all can thrive--one marked by justice, sustainability, economic security, peace, and mutual care.

Throughout its history, MoveOn has championed a culture of analytics and analytic innovation—from the kinds of digital A/B testing and optimization now made famous by presidential campaigns to deep member listening through data to innovations in social media persuasion. In 2018 we’ll use data to help the Resistance Movement stand up for vulnerable communities, oppose the destructiveness of the Trump administration, and take back power at the ballot box.

Working together with teams across the organization, the Data Analyst will guide the use of data, develop analytic tools to make our work better, and create breakthrough innovations to better serve MoveOn’s millions of members.

Is this job for you?

Are you a highly skilled, entrepreneurial data analyst who encounters everyday problems and sees them as fun or interesting data challenges?
Are you a thoughtful and effective communicator who can both talk to a technical audience and partner with a nontechnical audience?
Are you a practical problem solver who understands how to incorporate data in decision making to help drive clear, strategic decisions?
Do you believe in the potential of analytics to empower and help win campaigns for social justice?

Job responsibilities include

* Performing statistical analyses to help guide decision making across projects and teams.

* Designing and executing experiments to make MoveOn’s digital and offline work for effective.

* Extracting meaning from large data sets generated by our work.

* Helping guide staff in the use of data to inform their work.

* Innovating new tools and approaches to the use of data in political campaigning.

[See more and apply here](https://boards.greenhouse.io/moveonorg/jobs/984755?t=uwk8x51#.Wm-QvpM-f-Y)

Skills required

Our next Data Analyst should be someone who can communicate effectively across the organization and apply strategic and analytic judgement. The role requires the following:

* Strong interpersonal and communication skills. You'll be working with people from teams across the organization. They don't want a data dump. They want collaboration and strategic guidance.
* Excellent problem-solving skills. The core of this role is to translate real-world challenges into analytic problems, solve them, and translate them back into real-world solutions. You should love the thought of doing that.
* Good judgment and vision. The organization counts on its analytics team to provide sound decision-making advice. You should feel comfortable doing that, even with imperfect knowledge, and should have the vision to anticipate the analytics questions we’ll be asking six months from now.
* Experience with databases and lots of data. We use PostgreSQL and Amazon Redshift as well as MySQL databases. Experience with other setups is fine too. Experience with digital analytics or analytics in an advocacy or electoral campaign is also a plus, but not required.
* A strong understanding of modern data science. Our problems frequently change, so a broad knowledge base of analytic approaches and the ability to learn quickly are key. We do most of our analysis in R, with scripts as needed, but any solid stats/analytics platform experience will work.
* A passion for social justice. You should do this job because you’re passionate about making the country more progressive through grassroots activism.
* You act with high integrity, professionalism, low ego, and are a team player.  You’ll fit in well at MoveOn with those.

Deadline and Application: Candidates will be reviewed on a rolling basis, with a goal of starting full-time April 2.

Location: Position can be based anywhere in the continental U.S. May require some travel.

Classification, Salary, and Benefits Full-time; highly competitive salary, including benefits such as 100% employer-paid premiums for medical, dental, and vision insurance for all staff and their children; employer-paid premiums for life insurance for all staff; 13.32 hours accrued vacation per month, 6.66 hours accrued sick leave per month, floating holidays and all-staff holidays; and reimbursement of home office expenses.  

MoveOn.org Civic Action and MoveOn.org Political Action provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
