---
layout: post
title:  "Climate Action Campaign: Data & Targeting Director"
date: 2018-01-07
categories: nonprofit, datamanagement
---

The Climate Action Campaign, a national coalition of environmental and public health groups, has a singular goal for 2017: to slow, stop or weaken the attacks on climate, clean air and clean energy.  The coalition coordinates national political strategy, communications, and field operations across the country and is seeking a data expert to help protect clean air, advance clean energy and defend climate action while building long-term advocacy capacity by managing data processes, executing data-intensive programs and creating and leveraging analytical insights.
[To apply click here](https://climate-campaign.quickbase.com/db/bhtewnjrr?a=nwr) 

Responsibilities

This position encompasses a wide range of responsibilities and professional opportunities, from overseeing a paid phones program to analyzing on-the-ground organizing programs and reports to managing projects and relationships with allied data staffers and academics. A successful candidate will have a solid background in data management, strategic thinking, experimentation and evaluation, working with coalition partners, and proven program management skills, along with the desire for professional growth.

Program Management

* Coordinating with strategists, lobbyists, and coalition partners to develop strategy and messaging for patch-through phone bank programs.
* Writing patch-through phone bank scripts, with support from communications team.

Data & Targeting Management
* Ensuring that vendor-executed phone programs have appropriate and accurate targeting, execution and reporting.
* Producing and analyzing regular reports on in-house, partner and relevant external programs.
* Ensuring partner organizations are updating relevant shared data accurately and on a timely basis, and that program and partner groups’ reports are properly received, analyzed and compiled for complex reporting systems.

Analytics and Testing Advancement
* Devising and implementing an analytical agenda, in concert with the department director and Senior Directors, that informs best practices in the climate community for years to come.  
* Liaising with data and program staff at partner organizations and among academics to identify and implement experiments, tests and analysis.
* Managing analytics vendors and coordinating with outside experts.
* Actively learning from external tests, research and libraries, identifying best practices and areas for future testing and experimentation and recruiting experts to share their knowledge with partners.
* Communicating test and experiment results to data, program and coalition staff so they can benefit from the latest in program knowledge.

Qualifications
* At least 3-6 years of experience managing data for advocacy, membership and/or political campaign organizations
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent additional work experience. Masters or higher in data science, math or social science fields is a plus
* Familiarity with Catalist tools. Familiarity with SQL, QuickBase, Strata, R and Python is a plus
* Diligent and detail oriented, able to successfully juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced, high-expectation campaign environment
* Experience collaborating with a team
* Ability to function as a leader among co-workers and coalition staff in a collaborative environment
* Strong people and communication skills presentations and translating complex data into plain English and the ability to write concise summaries, recommendations and plans
* Strong desire to learn, grow and improve, and to help others do so

Reporting

This Position Reports to the Program Director and is a member of the Program Department.
Position is located in Washington, DC
Please send resume, sample phone plan, and cover letter.
Salary
Salary is commensurate with experience. Excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, generous paid time off, and 401k plan.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to economic and social justice, and do not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation or identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Women, people of color, LGBTQ people, and members of other historically disenfranchised populations are strongly encouraged to apply.
