---
layout: single
title:  "Pennsylvania Democratic Party: Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
---

The Pennsylvania Democratic Party is seeking to hire for the position of Data Director to begin immediately. This position is based in Philadelphia or Harrisburg. Key priorities for the Data Director include, but are not limited to:

* Implementation of the state party plan

* Coordinating usage and relevant training

* Working with campaigns and allied groups on data transfer and storage

* Participation in relevant DNC conference calls and VAN trainings

* Building overall data capacity

# Data Management

* Day-today management of users and committees in Votebuilder

* Run weekly online VoteBuilder trainings for all levels of VoteBuilder users (training materials and curriculum written by the Data Director).

* Educate campaigns and county committees on voter file policies and increasing voter file usage.

* Monitor VAN usage to enforce VAN policies

* Work on updating and maintaining the voter file (specifically on maintaining collective lists/inventory of all available data and keeping updated lists of users) during and at the end of all cycles.

# Mail Program

* Schedule and perform policy review conference call with mail vendors

* Review and troubleshoot mail documents and forms to begin mail process

* Upload mail documents into system for retention

* Track and monitor mail pieces to ensure process is moving quickly and efficiently

* Grant final approval to mail vendors 

# Qualifications

* At least two cycles of prior campaign experience preferred.

* Demonstrated data analysis and writing skills, preferably in a political environment.

* Ability to plan and manage time sensitive projects with competing needs.

* Working knowledge of statistical models, precinct targeting, etc. a plus.

* Knowledge and familiarity with VAN, preferably in an administrative role

* Intermediate knowledge of Excel including formulas, functions, and pivot tables.

* Intermediate knowledge of Access (or other SQL database) including creating queries and manipulating large data sets strongly preferred

* Familiarity with GIS preferred but not required.

* Experience standardizing data from multiple sources to produce complex reports.

* Strong attention to detail, including accuracy of data entry.

* Ability to multitask and manage time effectively.

* Capacity and desire to work long hours in a campaign setting.

Compensation for this position is commensurate with the applicant’s experience but is very competitive. Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, and three references to jobs@padems.com with the subject line “Data Director.”

The Pennsylvania Democratic Party prohibits discrimination of employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment on the basis of gender, disability, race, age national origin, color, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including marital and parental status), gender identity and expression, religion, economic status, ethnic identity, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
