---
layout: single
title:  "Texas Freedom Network: Data Management Associate (Part time)"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

The Texas Freedom Network (TFN) seeks a part-time (15 hours/week) Data Management Associate. TFN (tfn.org) is a statewide non-partisan, grassroots organization that is building an informed and effective movement working toward equality and social justice.

The Data Management Associate will work with TFN’s Digital and Field teams to help support our data-driven voter engagement program working with young Texans.

Work schedule can be flexible, including working remotely. Graduate students and freelancers encouraged to apply.

JOB DUTIES

* Weekly data syncs across a variety of services and databases
* Data clean-up, including de-duping, standardizing data, etc.
* Uploading new lists, and performing manual data entry as needed (occasional)
* Assist with designing and maintaining data-management protocols and a
reporting dashboard

SKILLS NEEDED

* Well-versed in Excel, Google Docs and running queries
* Familiarity with APIs, SQL, Python
* Familiarity with VoteBuilder/VAN database preferred
* Experience managing data in CRMs, marketing tools, grassroots advocacy tools, such as: Luminate Online, Mobile Commons, Hustle and Raiser’s Edge

COMPENSATION: $15 per hour. Average of 15 hours per week.
TO APPLY: E-mail cover letter and resume to: hiring@tfn.org
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 4. (Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.)

The Texas Freedom Network/Texas Freedom Network Education Fund is an equal-opportunity employer and encourages people of color, ethnic minorities, women, and individuals from the LGBTQ community to apply.

[See more and apply here](http://tfn.org/join-tfn-team-data-management-associate-part-time/)
