---
layout: single
title:  "Florida c3 Civic Engagement Table: Data & Targeting Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

Data & Targeting Manager
Florida (c)(3) Civic Engagement Table

Florida 501(c)(3) Civic Engagement Table (“the Table”) is a state-based collaboration of nonpartisan civic engagement organizations in Florida. The Table’s nonpartisan mission is to engage historically underrepresented communities in the democratic process. 
Florida 501(c)(3) Civic Engagement Table is a fiscally sponsored project of State Voices, a national network that encompasses nonpartisan civic engagement tables in 20 states.

Position Overview
Florida (c)(3) Civic Engagement Table seeks a data-driven, trained technician with a passion for civic engagement and social justice to serve as its full-time Data & Targeting Manager.  

The Data & Targeting Manager drives training and support for partner organizations to take a data-driven approach and to integrate tools such as VAN into their organizing & advocacy work. We are looking for someone with a rare skill set: expertise using VAN, Catalist data, and census related databases, as well as the ability to translate the purpose and value of these tools to a wide range of audiences and partner organizations within Florida. This position reports to the Florida Executive Director.

Role of the Data and Targeting Manager
The Data and Targeting Manager’s mission is to enable Florida (c)(3) Civic Engagement Table partner organizations to make data-driven, strategic choices in their program work. The Data & Targeting Manager also serves as an analyst of trends in the larger 501(c)(3) civic engagement community in Florida, specifically providing insight into the behavior, trends, and concentration of the state’s New American Majority, which consists of people of color, voters under age 35, and voters in low-income households.  

Responsibilities
* Advise and train partner organizations on the use of voter contact tools and assist them in integrating appropriate voter contact and data tools into their civic engagement programs.
* Conduct data analysis on programs and make strategic recommendations to inform collaborative program plans as well as individual group plans.
* Work closely with the Executive Director and table staff to develop targeting strategies for voter engagement, advocacy campaigns, activist mobilization and other organizing efforts.
* Produce reports and other materials needed to track, support, coordinate and identify gaps in collective strategy.
* Work with partner organizations and the State Voices network to establish and maintain best practices and standards for data collection, data acquisition and preservation.
* Administer voter file system for Florida (c)(3) Civic Engagement Table and partners. This includes managing user and security settings; providing technical assistance; and monitoring use of the system to ensure compliance with state and national policies.
* Identify and champion opportunities to conduct tests and experiments; assist program staff and partners in facilitating and executing experiments.
* Other duties, as assigned.

Qualifications

The ideal candidate for this position will possess many, if not all, of the following qualifications:
* 2+ years in a data related field or two cycles of experience in either candidate or issue-based campaigns, with an understanding of direct voter contact programs.
* Strong data management and analysis skills in VAN (or comparable sophisticated database) and Excel skills required. Familiarity with census data, online electoral tools such as Catalist and with other constituent relationship management tools is a plus.
* Experience in conducting technical trainings for partners.
* Ability to manage several tasks/projects concurrently and prioritize work effectively.
* Diplomatic, professional approach to problem solving and the ability to think independently and creatively.
* Ability to communicate effectively, work well under pressure, be detail oriented and meet deadlines.
* Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work across multiple communities and in diverse settings.
* Must be a self-starter.
* Proficiency with Microsoft Office, Internet organizing, and social media.  

Location: South Florida (Palm Beach, Broward, or Miami-Dade County)

Compensation: Competitive salary and benefits package including medical, vision, dental, 401(k), and more.

To Apply: Please send cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to jobs@statevoices.org. Please indicate “FL Data Manager” in the email subject line. Resumes will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled.

About State Voices
State Voices is creating a fair and just society by advancing racial equity and making our democracy more accessible, inclusive, and representative. Our network of permanent, nonpartisan state coalitions works with hundreds of grassroots organizations to break down barriers to civic participation and bring underrepresented and marginalized populations - and their issues - to the center of public discourse.
Both nationally and in the states, we are nurturing a community of collaboration, innovation, and equity that builds the capacity of our partners and amplifies their impact.
Since 2008, State Voices has been a national leader in nonpartisan civic engagement. We employ the principles of collective impact, unifying change agents from different sectors around common goals to strengthen our democracy, building the capacity of partners with shared resources, and amplifying the voices of the underrepresented. We work in states to strengthen grassroots efforts by making efficient use of limited resources, promoting best practices, and achieving solutions no one group could achieve on its own.
State Voices sustains a dynamic ecosystem of 20 state tables comprised of 784 partner organizations in the following states: Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, and California through the San Diego Metropolitan Area table. We also train and support an additional 214 partner groups in at-large states through our Tools For All Program.
State Voices provides the organizations in our network with the tools and support they need to help create a healthy and thriving democracy. We advance this work through three (3) national programs: Civic Engagement (voter registration and turnout, issue advocacy and constituency engagement), Civic Access (voting rights and election administration) and Civic Representation (census, redistricting and “clean elections”). For more information about State Voices, please visit www.statevoices.org.

Equal employment opportunity and having a diverse staff are fundamental principles at State Voices, where employment and promotional opportunities are based upon individual capabilities and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other protected characteristic as established under law.
