---
layout: single
title:  "The Movement Cooperative: Data & Technology Strategist"
tags: 
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - digital
    - tech
---

Do you want to ensure that progressive organizations have access to the best possible data, technology, and technical expertise? We know movement organizing and advocacy are more urgent than ever, and many organizations and activists cannot easily access the tools to scale their work. 

Launched in 2017, The Movement Cooperative was founded with the aim of addressing these structural challenges. Currently our membership stands at more than 20 groups, with more organizations slated to join in the coming months.

# Position Description

Is it time for you to join us? We are hiring a Data & Technology Strategist to join our team! We are open to this being a junior or senior role depending on experience and expertise.

Membership with The Movement Cooperative affords organizations full access to our data warehouse and analytics platform, in addition to unlimited access to national voter/consumer files. Our role is to provide the technical assistance and expertise members need to get started, and the ongoing support to achieve their goals and maximize their impact. We help with the establishment of syncs and data pipelines from a continually-expanding suite of organizing and digital tools.

In this role, you will:

* Provide thoughtful and speedy support to diverse members with differing needs and varying levels of expertise with data and technology
* Utilize the central data warehouse to manipulate, analyze, and support members in understanding their data
* Help member organizations move voter file data to external tools
* Train on the strategic use of the voter file and predictive models
* Lead conversations on both traditional and more experimental methodologies for persuasion, turnout, and organizing efforts
* Build tools that scale the team's work across all members
* Conduct trainings on technical tools and concepts

This person will also work within the larger Data and Technology team to provide general member support and contribute to long term projects. Those who fill this position will work with the Director of Data and Technology Strategy.

# Qualifications

A successful Data and Technology Strategist will be...

* Dedicated to progressive issues, campaigns and organizations
* An organized project manager
* Passionate about evaluating new technologies
* Enthusiastic about supporting our members and their programs
* A creative collaborator within a remote team
* Thoughtfully communicative
* Eager to expand their existing technical skill set

We especially encourage applications from people who have these additional skills:

* Multiple cycles working in campaigns, electorally-focused, or advocacy organizations, including at least one full cycle in a data-related role
* Moderate or better SQL ability
* Experience with programming languages such as Python or R
* Experience leading complex technical and quantitative projects
* Experience administering technical tools
* Experience training others on technical tools
* Experience working with APIs or data syncs
* Experience using VAN as a user or administrator

This role does not have formal education requirements.

# Benefits

While a very young organization, The Movement Cooperative is dedicated to providing all employees with world-class healthcare, dental and vision benefits, retirement, paid vacation and sick days, flexible holidays, and all-staff holidays, remote virtual office, paid maternity, maternity and adoption family leave, and health and wellness benefits. Salary is competitive, ranging between 60k and 80k, depending on experience and/or expertise. This is a full-time exempt position.

**The Movement Cooperative is an equal opportunity employer.**

The Movement Cooperative recruits, employs, trains, compensates and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, citizenship status, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law.

At The Movement Cooperative, we have a clear vision: to be the organization where a diverse mix of talented people want to be, to stay and do their best work. We pride ourselves on bringing the best to our members, and we know our organization runs on the hard work and dedication of our passionate and creative employees.

The Movement Cooperative's promotion of diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion is more than a commitment at The Movement Cooperative—it is the foundation of why we exist. We are fully focused on equity and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, location, national origin and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different.

[Apply here](https://boards.greenhouse.io/tmc/jobs/4047982002)
