---
layout: single
title:  "Win Win Action: Data & VAN Administrator"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

Win|Win is a network of progressive organizations coming together to advance racial, social, and economic equity across Washington through civic and political engagement. Our partners work together to build a new political landscape that inspires people; where individuals engage because they see themselves and their values reflected across our democracy. Win|Win provides our network with strategic coordination, data and research, and individual technical assistance to increase our ability to create change together.
We are a small but mighty team that takes pride in building an organizational culture rooted in trust, collaboration, and learning, with an ongoing commitment to use an anti-racist lens throughout all of our work. We are committed to developing individual and team skills, sharing leadership, open communication, and a healthy work/life balance. We are based in a shared office and you can often find us gathered in the kitchen sharing pictures of pets, discussing what we are currently binge watching, and talking about food.
In short, we strive to create a big impact on the political and civic landscape in Washington while making sure we have fun along the way.

About the Position
We are looking for a self-starter with strong customer service and problem solving skills to fill this position working closely with partners to provide ongoing support and assistance with the Voter Activation Network (VAN), a statewide voter file, and field engagement tools that help advance the missions of our partners. The Data & VAN Administrator will be part of our growing program team and supervised by the Data & Targeting Director.
All staff are expected to provide leadership and proactive learning to advance our mission, vision, and core strategies. The Data & VAN Administrator will be expected to act as a champion for the Win|Win Network and our partners by understanding their programs and trends impacting the communities they serve.

[See more and apply here](https://www.idealist.org/en/nonprofit-job/dfb9d9e9232e4908bcc011662531fed3-data-van-administrator-winwin-action-seattle?)
