---
layout: single
title:  "Virginia Public Access Project: Data position"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

Are you a data hound and a political junkie? Do you have experience in both data analysis and content creation? Do you want to be part of a pioneering effort to make politics more accessible to the public? If so, the Richmond-based Virginia Public Access Project (VPAP) nonprofit is looking for you.

This is a unique opportunity for someone to work on distilling complex government data into simple, elegant visualizations. We are looking for someone who has a deep understanding of politics and a willingness to set aside his or her personal views as part of a small team that is elevating civic discourse in Virginia.
[See more here](https://www.vpap.org/updates/2841-vpap-hiring/)

Responsibilities include:

Acquire data from primary or secondary sources, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Work with team to find creative approaches for data visualizations that make government and politics understandable to both insiders and the general public.
Serve as the lead in daily importation, tagging and verification of data from various state agencies.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Qualifications:

At least 2 years of experience as a data analyst, government analyst, data journalist or equivalent.
A portfolio showcasing data visualization skills using Tableau, Power BI or other solution.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Knowledge of fundamental methodologies of data analysis, such as basic modeling and linear regression.
Familiarity with relational databases, database design and query writing.
Ability to define problems, collect data and draw conclusions.
Ability to communicate effectively and establish rapport with small team.
Familiarity with ArcGIS or other mapping programs.
Understanding of the Virginia legislature and political system a plus.
Keyword Skills:
Analytics, business intelligence, data visualization, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, GIS, predictive analysis, statistics, mapping, politics.

Salary and Benefits:
Competitive salary. Benefits include 100% company payment of employee’s health and dental insurance, defined-contribution retirement plan with 4% company match, three weeks of vacation and company-provided parking near loft-style office in downtown Richmond.

Please email cover letter, resume and salary expectations to David Poole at dpoole@vpap.org by January 24.
