---
layout: single
title:  "Analyst Institute: Political Strategist"
tags: 
    - analytics
    - campaigns
    - nonprofit
---

Political Strategist
The Analyst Institute helps progressive change-makers win big fights by figuring out what really works in politics and social justice organizing. Here’s why you should join our team:
[Full description and to apply here](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/political-strategist)

You’ll have impact, and know it. The Analyst Institute is a rigorous research institute, but we don’t care about knowledge for its own sake. We work between data analytics and the frontlines, and we combine the best of both to have real-world impact.
You’ll learn lots, and quickly. We’ve run hundreds of experiments over the last ten years, and we are always running more. You’ll lead the way in bringing our collective knowledge to where it’s most useful.
We’re a public utility for the progressive movement. Beyond our research, we also convene a community of progressive innovators fighting the good fight alongside us. You’ll have a first-hand view of the latest developments in the field.
We work with folks from across the progressive movement. From racial justice to labor to the environment to LGBT rights to electoral campaigns and everything in between, you’ll have broad exposure to many progressive issues and campaigns. If you’re not a one-issue person, you’ll feel at home here.
Brilliant co-workers who have your back. We’re not a huge team, but we’re a strong team. We’re all in this for the same reason – to make progressive change – so we build each other up, support each other, and put our mission above our egos. We’re friendly nerds.
Right now, we’re looking for a Political Strategist to organize the progressive community around evidence-based learning. The Political Strategist is a “translator” at AI: understanding what campaigns, organizations, and consultants want to learn, and then disseminating knowledge to those folks. Specifically, you will:

Help design and execute a strategy to help us understand what practitioners need and help practitioners understand what we do. What are key questions that campaigners have? How are they being answered, and how good are those answers? How can we help (or can we help at all)? These questions will drive your day-to-day.
Conduct outreach to organizations to cultivate relationships with partner organizations and work with the engagement teams who will execute research projects for them.
Help organize working groups of practitioners to define key questions and collaborate with internal and external partners to answer them.
Build relationships with political funders.
Advance your work by drawing on the strengths of many different people within the Analyst Institute, whether they’re researchers who synthesize our entire bank of past results or engagement managers focusing on specific projects with partner organizations.


Location: Strong preference for our Washington D.C. office (near McPherson Square)

Compensation range: We are open to a range of candidates, from established players to rising stars. Salary range commensurate with experience, from $70k to $110k.

Benefits: We offer fully paid-for health care, 401(k) matching, a personal development fund, and generous parental leave.

Application process: We are leaving this application open through at least the New Year, so don't be surprised if you don't hear from us until January.

Requirements
You’ll be a good fit if you:

Believe that applying evidence to campaigns can help further the progressive movement.
Have excellent people skills. You are a good listener and observer. You can work with a variety of different organizations and ask the right questions to understand their key needs.
Have existing relationships in political circles and enjoy building new ones. In particular, you know principals in the campaign, committee, independent expenditure, and consulting worlds (possibly the funder world as well).
Are self-directed but collaborative. If you are given a large problem with wide scope, you embrace the uncertainty and have no trouble asking for help from others with different skillsets.
Are a good communicator, especially when it comes to translating “stats” into “campaign speak” through oral, written, and visual communication.
Excel at working across teams and with different types of people within an organization. Our team runs the gamut from former professors to former organizers and everyone in between. You’ll need to recognize the value of this diversity of perspectives, and be excited about incorporating it into your work.
Are passionate about progressive politics.
Bonus points if you:

Are excited to convene groups of stakeholders, expanding your network in the process.
Have experience bridging the gap between analytics and program departments.
Know how to apply evidence-based thinking and statistics, especially as they relate to experiments. You don’t need to be able to analyze an experiment, but you know enough to prevent people from reading too much into weak results.
You have led or assisted with campaign voter outreach programs.
You have a record of successfully starting an endeavor that required buy-in (internally, externally, or both).
The Analyst Institute values diversity in thought, background and experience, and we’re an equal opportunity employer. People of color, people with disabilities, women, and LGBTQA candidates are strongly encouraged to apply

