---
layout: single
title:  "NGPVAN: Multiple"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - campaigns
    - citygov
    - clientservices
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - tech
    - vendor
---

NGP VAN counts thousands of campaigns and organizations among our clients, including all the national Democratic committees, thousands of Democratic campaigns, and hundreds of labor unions, progressive and non-partisan PACs, and other organizations. We’re committed to crafting the next generation of integrated campaign technology, so our clients have the edge they need to win.

At NGP VAN, you don't just benefit from a competitive salary, generous health insurance, and some seriously awesome co-workers. We offer perks like plenty of vacation days (no questions asked), biennial company retreats (think somewhere sunny and warm), a company-wide hackathon (we provide the food, you bring the ideas), and endless snacks to keep you energized. We invest in our people because we only grow when they do - and that's why we've been named one of the coolest companies in DC, and one of the best places to work in the U.S.

RECEIVE GREAT BENEFITS
We help you take care of yourself so you can focus on taking care of our clients - that includes 100% health care premiums paid, annual profit-sharing, and paid, annual professional development.

FULLY PAID PARENTAL LEAVE
We offer fully paid parental leave, so you can take time off to bond with your little one.

VACATION DAYS
Planning a sunny getaway? Or looking forward to a staycation? We have a generous vacation policy, so you can enjoy time off whenever and wherever.

RISE TO THE CHALLENGE
Our annual Hackathon gives you the chance to step into the driver's seat, creating cool products and features that aren't already on the NGP VAN roadmap.

[See more and apply here](https://www.ngpvan.com/careers)

Available positions as of 12/31/18

IT
Security Administrator
Systems Engineer

ENGINEERING
Software QA Analyst (Washington, DC)
Software QA Analyst (Somerville, MA)
Software Engineer (Somerville, MA)
Senior Software Engineer (Somerville, MA)
Senior Software Engineer (Washington, DC)
Software Engineer (Washington, DC)
Devops Engineer
2019 Spring - Software Engineering Intern (Somerville, MA)
2019 Software Engineering Intern (Somerville, MA)
2019 Software Engineering Intern (Washington, DC)

ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
Account Manager, Nonprofit Fundraising
Vice President, Account Management
Client Data Manager, EveryAction

CLIENT SERVICES
Fundraising Support Specialist for EveryAction
Client Services Specialist for NGP

EVERYACTION
Director of Partnerships
Account Executive, Nonprofit
Digital Specialist
Mid-Market Account Executive, Nonprofit
Sales Development Representative
Major Market Account Executive, Nonprofit

DATA SERVICES
Data Services Specialist
Director of Data Services

PRODUCT
Technical Product Manager (Somerville, MA)
Product Designer

POLITICAL SALES
Research & Sales Coordinator
Account Executive, National Political Sales
Account Executive, State & Local
