---
layout: single
title:  "SEIU: Database & Team Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - union
---

SEIU 775’s mission is to unite the strength of all working people and our families, to improve our lives and lead the way to a more just and humane world. We represent more than 45,000 long-term care workers providing quality in-home care, nursing home care and adult day health services in Washington State and Montana. We are a leader in the progressive community and take bold and aggressive approaches to politics and organizing. Our Data Systems and Team Manager plays a critical role in moving our mission forward.  

Summary: Manager level position supervising a team that inputs, tracks, and reports on data around the Union’s 45,000+ members. This position requires experience in the design and management of database systems that can produce useful data analytics. In addition to very strong technical skills, this position will require exceptional managerial, business process analysis, and interpersonal skills.  

The Data Systems and Team Manager will work with managers from all departments across the union to elicit, analyze, specify and validate their data needs as stakeholders.  

The responsibilities of the position include:  
* Provide strategy, leadership and oversight of member activity data management, systems used in organizing, politics, and representation  
* Help lead the ongoing design work of new database systems that can support the organization’s missions 
* Work with analysts to implement new methodologies to use advanced data metrics to support field and communications efforts to build activism and leadership among union members 
* Ongoing review, research, analysis, effectiveness, efficiency, and user experience of existing key database management tools  
* Oversee a process of importing external data from employers and other sources and integrating it into the unions databases 
* Produce accurate and timely reports to leadership, the finance director, and other internal and external stakeholders as needed 
* Manage a team of data specialists and data entry clerks 
* Develop and manage training and support for users 
* The Department is innovating new ways to build the strength and effectiveness of the union through member leadership and activism


Salary: Starts at $89,000
Location: Seattle, WA


[See more and apply here](https://workforcenow.adp.com/mascsr/default/mdf/recruitment/recruitment.html?cid=24b6f6f3-6543-4e63-83a0-dc07b7cd758a)
