---
layout: single
title:  "League of Conservation Voters: Data & Analytics Manager"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - data
    - nonprofit
---

The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues.

LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills.

The Data & Analytics team utilizes data in the voter file to determine which voters and members of the general public are likely to be engaged on environmental issues, and maintains voter file information that permits the organization to educate the public and motivate supporters to become active civic participants. The Data & Analytics Manager will work with the Campaigns, Government Affairs, Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments as well as the state LCVs to develop and oversee data and targeting related activities on issues and elections. We are seeking a strategic thinker who can help LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund, utilize data and analytics to engage the public on environmental issues across the country and build support for environmental priorities.


Salary: Not listed


[See more and apply here](https://www.lcv.org/jobs/lcv-job-openings/data-analytics-manager-2/)
