---
layout: single
title:  "SEIU Local 509: Data & Membership Coordinator"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - union
---

SEIU Local 509 is a fast growing, progressive union representing nearly 20,000 state workers, human service workers, higher education faculty and family childcare providers in Massachusetts. This position oversees the data and membership department of Local 509, and is responsible for overseeing all of the data, dues reconciliation, and membership maintenance in Winmill. 

Example of Duties:
* Maintaining the overall integrity and quality of our members database (eMembership - WinMill), including regular data improvement and hygiene, and reporting protocols, report customization and analysis.   
* Coordinates with other departments around needs for field, politics, communications, admin, finance, and the Member Action Resource Center.
* Responsible for optimizing the use of the database across the organization by staying current on upcoming enhancements (research, attending trainings, webinars, etc.) and guiding staff in the appropriate use of the existing functionality. 
* Provides technical assistance to all staff and members and troubleshoot database related problems. 
* Creates templates for various department to extract and load data into multiple platforms, including Mailchimp, mass texting, Excel, E-Membership, Certify, and others.
* Supervises and manage the dues accountability process (aka Beck Hudson Process)

Supervision Received:
Works under the supervision of the Treasurer or his/her designee

Supervision Exercised:
Supervises IT, database, and membership team.

Qualifications:
* Needs 5 or more years of experience and/or relevant educational experience
* Excellent oral, written, and listening communication skills and the ability to work well in a fast-paced, dynamic “campaign” environment
* Flexibility to work long hours as needed.
* Demonstrated commitment to the labor movement’s goals and values, and an understanding of key labor-union concepts
* Perform other related duties as required by the organization.

Compensation:
SEIU Local 509 offers competitive salaries and excellent benefits

APPLICATION PROCESS
SEIU Local 509 is an equal opportunity employer with a strong commitment to diversity — women, people of color and LGBT candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should submit a résumé, and cover letter to: jobapplication@seiu509.org

The deadline for application is June 14th. No phone calls please
