---
layout: single
title:  "CommunityConnect Labs: Sr. Engineer"
tags: 
    - engineer
    - nonprofit
---
The 2020 Census is in jeopardy, putting at risk $700 billion in funding for schools, hospitals, food stamps, and other vital services. Accurate Census data is essential for fair redistricting from local school districts to State legislature and Congressional districts.

Who We Are
CommunityConnect Labs is the leading provider of technology solutions for a fair and accurate 2020 Census. We are a fast-growing software provider that serves several of the most innovative nonprofits and local governments in America. We are a nonprofit.

We provide innovative mobile-first solutions as well as training for nonprofits and local governments to better connect and engage with marginalized communities. See more at www.censusoutreach.org.

We are winners of the Battery Powered Award, Twilio Social Impact Fund, Amazon Imagine grant, and awards from New Media Ventures and Full Circle Fund.

Our work has been evaluated by governments and published in statistical journals. Our last yielded a 200x ROI, providing local low-income communities with an estimated $46 million per year for the 2021-2030 decade ($460 million total). Our tech stack is cutting-edge: AWS (EBS, ECS, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudWatch ElastiCache, ElasticSearch, RDS, EC2), microservices, CICD, PagerDuty, GitHub, Jenkins, ReactJS, Go, and more.

The Census is our once-in-a-decade opportunity to ensure government agencies and local nonprofits are equipped to secure a fair, accurate, and complete count.

The Opportunity
We seek a Senior Engineer to lead our engineering team building innovative mobile technology products and solutions for government and nonprofit programs such as the Census, homelessness, and job training. The issues that we tackle - a fair 2020 census, job training, homelessness, essential human services - are challenging. The work is fast-paced. Opportunities for learning are incredible and impact is unlimited. If you want to make progress happen, we welcome you to apply to this job.

You will be part of:
* Making a concrete, tangible difference in people's lives. You will enable innovative cities, counties, and nonprofits provide better services for low-income communities at scale
* An opportunity to solve some of the country’s hardest problems
* Friendly, supportive, and adventurous environment with smart, engaged colleagues
* Flexibility on work hours/schedule
* Health insurance

Responsibilities
You will be responsible for leading the design, development, modification, scaling, and evaluation of technology solutions, including security testing. The new Senior Engineer will work with Product to understand business requirements and prioritize team backlog, analyze defects and stories and guide team members to completion, and analyze existing programs or formulates logic for new systems, including devise logic procedures, prepare flowcharts, perform coding, and test/debug programs.
* Interface with Product Managers to determine key requirements (30%)
* Work with Engineering, QA, Ops teams to identify and resolve code issues (25%)
* Design and develop full-stack application business logic using ReactJS, Go, Python, NodeJS, AngularJS, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS, XML, related technologies (25%)
* Team meetings, administrative activities, etc. (20%)


Salary: Not listed

Location: Remote, Anywhere in the US


[See more and apply here](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/cap/view/1554436865/?pathWildcard=1554436865&trk=mcm)
