---
layout: single
title:  "Impact Justice: Tech. Support Admin."
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

OAS Technical Support Administrative Associates

About Impact Justice
Impact Justice is a national innovation and research center advancing new ideas and solutions for justice reform. We work to dramatically reduce the massive number of youth and adults in our justice system, improve conditions and outcomes for those who are incarcerated, and provide meaningful opportunities for formerly incarcerated people to rejoin their communities.

Please see our website at https://impactjustice.org/ for more information.

About the National PREA Resource Center
The National PREA Resource Center (PRC) is a project of Impact Justice (IJ), funded through a cooperative agreement with the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA), Office of Justice Programs (OJP), at the Department of Justice (DOJ). The PRC serves as the national source for training and technical assistance to assist adult and juvenile corrections, detention, law enforcement, and other professionals in their ongoing work to implement the National Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Standards and reduce sexual abuse in confinement settings. The PRC also supports the Department’s administration of the PREA audit process, including training the auditors that are certified by the Department of Justice to assess facility compliance with the PREA standards, and managing the systems those auditors use to assess facilities and report compliance findings.

The Job/Summary Position Description 
The PRC is seeking two Administrative Associates to join our DC-based staff, though strong candidates in Boston, MA will also be considered. These new positions will be primarily responsible for the administration of the PREA Online Audit System (OAS), including audit initiations, technical support and other complex user interactions, content management, and functionality maintenance. This includes careful review of information received from OAS users and reconciliation of this information with existing records; follow-up phone calls to confirm identify and authorization to use the system; maintenance of detailed records of all interactions for each audit; ability to manage records in complementary databases and other systems; and provide support to senior programmatic and executive leadership to ensure the accuracy, security, and integrity of audit data. These positions require excellent attention to detail, ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment, and ability to use/learn multiple computer systems and applications, including the OAS, Salesforce, FormAssembly, and others as necessary. 

Salary: starting salary $45-47k


[See more and apply here](https://impactjustice.org/job/oas-technical-support-administrative-associates/)
