---
layout: single
title: "270 Strategies: Data Associate"
tags:
   - consultants
   - data
   - datamanagement
---
270 Strategies seeks a Data Associate for its team out of Chicago or DC. Interested candidates with 1-2 years of experience working in a data management, business intelligence, or data analytics role are encouraged to apply.

At 270, we believe that data provides the foundation of every engagement, whether that’s managing a political campaign or presenting key metrics for a member-driven organization, our analytics operations provides our clients with measurable insights into their data. We develop data-driven insights that inform strategy and optimal decision making for our clients and senior leadership, and lead analytical efforts across multiple projects. 
Our Data Associates are a critical part of our teams. They support the data-driven approach at all levels of the engagement, but aren’t just there to track metrics and report on success. They also assist in strategy development, program design, and tactical execution, and help make sure our programs are as efficient and successful as possible.

You believe in the power of people coming together to make change -- and are excited about helping campaigns, causes, and companies activate and harness that type of energy. 
You are a creative, collaborative self-starter with strong project management skills, attention to detail, and have 1-2 years of experience in an analytical role. 

You believe in the power of grassroots organizing; that the integration of digital and offline organizing is a must; and that the best programs are data-driven.
You'll do things like:
* Support quantitative and qualitative analysis to generate business insights and strategy
* Analyze data requests from clients and senior management to define and measure operational metrics
* Utilize programming and analytical tools such as SQL, R, Python, and Tableau to interpret results in order to assist senior management with decision making and policy and strategy formulation
* Assist in the creation of universes and targeting recommendations for our engagement programs 
* Design and develop reports to measure and monitor critical results, and make recommendations for business direction
* Be responsible for internal project success, such as setting team agendas, following communication norms, and efficiently allocating time
* Organize and facilitate client calls, meetings, trainings, and strategy sessions
* Build timelines and keep teams (both internal and external) accountable and on track
* Write strategy documents and draft client deliverables
* Collaborate with other 270 teams to help set goals, determine benchmarks, and measure progress and performance
* Interface with vendors and recommend appropriate services to client partners

[See more and apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/270strategies/9fe12ba7-ba8f-4382-9568-5867bb173956)
