---
layout: single
title:  "National Democratic Redistricting Committee: Product Manager; Data Director"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
    - tech
---

The NDRC is hiring for two new positions. One of the most important turning points for the future of the country will take place in 2021: when states redraw their Congressional and state legislative lines. Chaired by Eric Holder, the 82nd Attorney General of the United States, NDRC is the first-ever strategic hub for redistricting focused on winning targeted elections and ballot initiatives, advancing legal action, and building the infrastructure to achieve a fairer redistricting process.

Republican gerrymandering after the 2010 Census rigged the system; it is hurting our democracy. The NDRC is working to fix this through a comprehensive strategy that includes overturning unconstitutional maps in court, changing the rules to enact a fairer system for drawing maps, building infrastructure and mobilizing tools ahead of the 2021 redistricting process, and gaining power in targeted states by electing more Democrats.

[PRODUCT MANAGER](https://democraticredistricting.com/product-manager/)
The National Democratic Redistricting Committee seeks a technical Product Manager to develop and execute our redistricting software program as well as oversee other data and mapping demands, as necessary. The PM will work closely with stakeholders, product vendors and software developers to gather data requirements and manage the overall product development process. The PM will also provide direction, guidance and support on the delivery, training and use of the redistricting software program.

[DATA DIRECTOR](https://democraticredistricting.com/data-director/) 
The National Democratic Redistricting Committee is seeking a Data Director. The Data Director must have a combination of technical skills, and political data experience to manage a large national voter and geospatial database, grow the NDRC’s internal databases and data infrastructure, and lead a team of geospatial and data analysts while being flexible enough to respond to shifting needs. The Data Director is a team player and will help ensure that NDRC staff get trained on internal data systems and tools and collaborate across departments. This position requires a strong work ethic, ability to focus in a fast-paced environment and extreme attention to detail.
