---
layout: single
title:  "Global Strategy Group: VP, Research & Pol Data"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - executive
---

Global Strategy Group is seeking a political data expert who is passionate about analyzing voter data and excited to explore innovative polling methodologies. This position will largely be focused on two closely aligned areas:

* Political data, targeting, modeling, & analysis: GSG was actively involved in over 100 races across the country in 2018. As we gear up for 2020, our team of researchers needs a partner who is a political data expert with extensive experience using and analyzing voter files. This position will work closely with teams to ensure we are accurately targeting and weighting likely voters across all GSG polls.

* Implement new polling methodologies: Data operations at GSG is a well-run machine with a clear set of processes and quality control standards for traditional telephone and online surveys. We are looking for a data expert who will learn our current system, while actively identifying new and better polling methodologies, and streamlining the process for implementing those new methodologies.

As you can expect from a firm based in politics, GSG's work environment is fast-paced and demanding - especially at the height of political season. Ideal candidates will thrive in a fast-paced deadline-oriented environment and dedicate themselves to serving our clients.

Salary: Not listed
[See more and apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/globalstrategygroup/c3615e43-3404-49f6-9710-403ecfe4d380?lever-via=TkhhrOxmxW)
