---
layout: single
title:  "America Votes: Nevada Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

America Votes Nevada is seeking a well-organized self-starter for a full-time position as Nevada data director. The Nevada data director plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position reports directly to the Nevada state director.
This position is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.

America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org.

Salary: $52,000 - $55,000

[See more and apply here](https://americavotes.org/jobs/?job_id=0584104d-0e8c-48d2-91a2-dc5ae46191b2) (Scroll down)
