---
layout: single
title:  "Analyst Institute: Communications & Content Manager"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - consultants
    - nonprofit
---

As the Communications & Content Manager, you’ll be responsible for shepherding, creating, improving, and maintaining written, visual, and online content in support of AI’s mission. You’ll work closely with fellow Partnerships & Community Engagement team members (as well as the broader Analyst Institute team) to:
* Author Analyst Institute’s weekly digest newsletter, which crosses the inbox of over 6,000 progressives, while also driving its creative and editorial process.
* Produce Analyst Institute’s signature reports (such as our annual civic engagement research report and political spending recommendations), drawing on the syntheses produced by our research team.
* Create other engaging content (e.g., reports, decks, training materials) that translate the nearly 700 experiments in Analyst Institute’s library into actionable recommendations for the progressive community. 
* Edit, proofread, and improve written content authored by other team members to ensure a clear, consistent writing style.
* Manage Analyst Institute’s website content (including monitoring website traffic and member engagement metrics) and facilitate internal and external stakeholder processes to improve its functionality and user experience, liaising with Analyst Institute’s web developer as needed.
* Coordinate Analyst Group programming and lead the production of content for webinars and in-person meetings.
* Implement strategies to grow the Analyst Group membership base, especially with an eye toward equity and inclusion. 
* Help Analyst Group members access resources that answer their strategic and programmatic questions, and implement strategies that solicit their input on how to make our resources even more accessible.
* Occasionally present Analyst Institute’s research and recommendations to progressive and civic engagement audiences in person and via webinar.
* Perform other tasks and duties as assigned.



Salary: $60,000 to $75,000


[See more and apply here](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/communications-content-manager)
