---
layout: single
title:  "Analyst Institute: Research Associate"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

Analyst Institute is hiring a Research Associate to join our meta-analysis team. The Research Associate will contribute to all aspects of this work, including data collection, data management, analysis, report writing, and more. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to contribute to cutting-edge research while learning about the landscape of political data analysis and data infrastructure. Salary is commensurate with experience, from $50,000 to $55,000. Apply here by November 4th.

Founded in 2007, the Analyst Institute (AI) partners with progressive campaigns and organizations to help measure and increase the impact of their programs. We aim to help these groups use evidence-based, effective tactics to win elections, build power, and create change.

Having run hundreds of experiments with campaigns and community partners over the past decade, AI is now expanding our large-scale meta-analysis to summarize our experimental learnings and develop best practices for campaigns in the 2020 election cycle. We’re hiring a full-time research associate to contribute to all aspects of this work, including data collection, data management, analysis, report writing, and more.

This role is a great opportunity for someone looking to break into the world of political data and analytics or an experienced person ready to take on a new challenge. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to contribute to cutting-edge research in campaign strategy while learning about the landscape of political data analysis and data infrastructure.

We strongly encourage applicants to apply by October 28th and will give priority to applications submitted by that date. Applicants must apply by November 4th.


Salary: $50,000 - $55,0000 


[See more and apply here](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/research-associate)
