---
layout: single
title:  "Texas Organizing Project: Statewide Data Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---
The Statewide Data Manager oversees our data tracking and usage across our issue organizing, member and leader development, electoral organizing and general organizational infrastructure statewide.


About the Texas Organizing Project (TOP): Founded in 2009, TOP, has become the leading statewide organizing group in Texas, advancing racial and economic justice through community and electoral organizing. Our programs are anchored in the three largest metro regions of the state:


Houston, Dallas and San Antonio. We have a base of over 275,000 members and supporters who are
reflective of Texas’ growing population low-moderate income families of color. Through on the
ground organizing, grassroots leader trainings, direct action, policy advocacy and electoral engagement
we have made gains in policy solutions and public investments in neighborhood infrastructure, family
sustaining jobs, affordable housing, community schools, health access and immigrant rights. TOP also
runs the largest independent grassroots electoral field operation in the state, activating over 200,000
voters of color each election cycle.
Job Description: The ideal candidate has experience in community and/or political organizing, strong
analytic and quantitative skills, a passion for progressive politics, experience in integrating text, social
media and other outreach into a data base, and experience working with spreadsheet and database
programs.


The Data Manager is responsible for overseeing and streamlining data and data analysis across the
organization’s three offices. TOP is a fast-paced organization, engaging hundreds of leaders and
community members across the state on a daily basis and working to build out lists across our counties
in order to grow a broad base that can move 1 million people in issue and electoral campaigns. We are
seeking an individual who can ensure that we are capturing, tracking and continually assessing data
from our issue and political campaigns organization-wide. Most importantly, the data manager will
ensure that data is used strategically and efficiently to maximize our impact working with our
statewide organizing and political directors.


Salary: $45,000 - $55,000

[See more and apply here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9_aAEjlRGgQamlXb2dqZHJ1OXplRF9vVWU3VmpLM1hsT3JJ/view?usp=sharing)
