---
layout: single
title:  "State Voices Pennsylvania: Data Manager"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

The Data Manager is responsible for providing training and support for a coalition of Pennsylvania non-profit organizations who take a data-driven approach to community organizing and voter outreach work. The Data Manager also provides demographic analysis and program evaluations to inform the collective plan to build political power for Black and Brown Pennsylvanians.

ABOUT PENNSYLVANIA VOICE
Pennsylvania Voice is a statewide network of 35 organizations committed to creating a fair and just Pennsylvania by making our democracy more accessible, inclusive, and representative. Pennsylvania Voice works with our partners to employ the principles of collective impact, unifying change agents from different sectors around common goals to strengthen our democracy, building the capacity of partners with shared resources, and amplifying the voices of the communities of color, youth and single women.

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES
* Administer the Voter Activation Network (VAN). Some examples of VAN administration work include, but are not limited to, maintaining partner accounts and handling support requests, running reports, uploading data, setting up predictive dialer phone banks, robocalls and robosurveys, supporting MiniVAN, etc.
* Train partners and table staff on VAN and other tools, targeting techniques (including the use of statistical models), and best practices for using data.
* Work with the Civic Engagement Director to support partners developing plans, make strategic recommendations, and provide insight into ways to make data and database operations more efficient and effective.
* Maintain documentation of all voter contact, turnout, and election protection data.
* Support the Civic Engagement Director and partners on collective experiments.
* Work with the Civic Engagement department to provide the table political and demographic landscape analysis.
* Function as part of a national data team to build and maintain the shared state and national data infrastructure necessary to support partner program work. This includes, but is not limited to, required weekly data calls, required biweekly calls with respective Deputy Director of Data & Technology, required convening attendance, etc.

Salary: $58,000 – $62,000 
[See more and apply here](https://statevoices.org/careers/data-manager/)
