---
layout: single
title:  "Operating Engineers: Data & Digital Strategist"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - union
---

The International Union of Operating Engineers (IUOE) is seeking a Data and Digital Strategist to work in our Special Projects & Initiatives Department, which provides research and organizing assistance to IUOE Locals throughout the US and Canada. The Data and Digital Strategist will be responsible for a wide variety of databases, social media accounts and websites.

JOB DUTIES:
* Manage proprietary and third-party systems, including Salesforce, Action Builder and other services.
* Mine and analyze data, integrate data from a variety of sources and provide strategic recommendations.
* Build cross platform reports and data visualizations, and present data to IUOE and Local staff for use in comprehensive strategic organizing campaigns and other projects.
* Plan and implement online campaigns from start to finish, using the resources at our disposal: micro-sites through digital platforms including websites, email outreach, social media, and new emerging platforms. Assist with writing advocacy emails, blogs, website copy, and social media content.


MANDATORY QUALIFICATIONS:
* A commitment to social justice and a desire to assist working people in struggles to improve the conditions of their working lives. Experience with research, database and spreadsheet programs, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Clear and concise writing skills and the ability to organize and analyze information. Ability to translate technical concepts to “plain English.”
* Extremely reliable and prompt; hours are 8:30 a.m. to 4:15 p.m. Mon-Fri. with occasional long hours and/or travel.
* Proficiency with Microsoft Access and experience with other Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook).
* Basic knowledge of SQL coding and a good eye for data visualization and design.
* Ability to evaluate and make recommendations on a variety of databases, sources and services. Continuously work to improve the Department’s data and digital programs.


Salary: commensurate with experience

Location: Washington, DC


[See more and apply here](https://www.unionjobs.com/listing.php?id=16353)
