---
layout: single
title:  "Vital Voices Global Partnership: Chief Technology Officer"
tags: 
    - consultants
    - data
    - executive
    - i.t.
    - nonprofit
    - tech
---


Vital Voices Global Partnership is a leading international non-governmental organization (NGO) dedicated to working with women throughout the world to provide them with the support and tools they need to have a positive impact in their communities. Through mentoring programs, leadership trainings and individualized support, Vital Voices provides credibility, builds capacity and enhances connections for emerging and established women leaders internationally. At Vital Voices, we believe, and we are proving, that investing in women improves the world.  Our network of 15,000 women leaders is growing everyday across the world.

Where you fit in:

Are you someone that loves to empower people with technology? As Chief Technology Officer, you’ll be leading the digital transformation, technology strategy, roadmap, and execution to fuel Vital Voices and its Network.

In close collaboration with the CEO, COO and Senior Leadership team, you’ll help Vital Voices drive the empowerment of the Vital Voices Network and team through technology, tools, data, and analytics infrastructure.

You’ll also lead efforts in structuring technical architecture for scaled collaboration. One of the goals for Vital Voices is to modernize both the Vital Voices network and internal team’s technology infrastructure.

 

Salary: Not listed

Location: Washington, DC


[See more and apply here](https://www.vitalvoices.org/careers/chief-technical-officer/)
