---
layout: single
title:  "RAINN: Senior Development Manager, Data and Analytics"
tags: 
    - analytics
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

The Development Manager is responsible for managing the department's processes, peer-to peer fundraising program and CRM system (Salesforce). The Development Manager will cultivate a pipeline of prospects while identifying new opportunities for donor engagement across all fundraising and cultivation channels with the goal of increasing revenue.  Reporting to the Vice President of Development, the Development Manager has duties that include but are not limited to: 

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
* Lead all aspects of RAINN's Salesforce CRM data and email communications platforms; train staff in use and advise on best practices.
* Assist Vice President and RAINN leadership with digital campaigns, special projects and other development priorities as needed, including managing external contracts/vendors/consultants.
* Manage quarterly financial documentation process, credit card reconciliation, and annual audit preparation.
* Streamline donor data management, tracking, reporting, and overall data integrity.
* Track progress towards revenue goals and prepare reports for leadership.
* Meet or exceed agreed upon quarterly and annual metric goals.
* Manage RAINN's state registration process, in workplace campaigns, and donor advised funds.
* Utilize Google Analytics to analyze donor behavior through rainn.org.
* Supervise and coordinate use of interns for development team.
* Serve as a liaison to the Tech and Communications departments when appropriate.
* Lead and expand our network of volunteer fundraisers.
* Maintain relationships with fundraisers and manage all volunteer-led campaigns and events.
* Manage use of peer-to-peer platform.
* All other duties as assigned.

[See more and apply here](https://rainn.applicantpro.com/jobs/1006091.html?fbclid=IwAR24xTFTSQshy4ZS6_2SapJroYlrMKMcrJTg37OXxbgquJEF5v9D12J8_i0)
