---
layout: single
title:  "Analyst Institute: Research Managers"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

In addition to the junior and senior analytics roles, we’re also hiring Research Managers (RM)! RMs serve as the principal investigators on our experiments, leading small project teams that are responsible for conducting our research. You’ll partner directly with key campaigns and organizations to help them answer important and highly relevant research questions in progressive politics and ‘translate’ research into actionable strategies. RMs lead on managing projects that include mobilization, persuasion, and voter registration field experiments. If you enjoy project management and research design, this could be a great role for you. You’ll be part of a close-knit, cutting-edge team of experts with backgrounds in social, behavioral, and data science. 
We help progressive and social justice-oriented organizations maximize their impact and win by using rigorous scientific research to figure out what really works in electoral, issue-based, and advocacy campaigns. We operate like a not-for-profit, partnering with organizations to pursue research in priority areas and facilitating the sharing of evidence among those working in the progressive ecosystem -- from labor unions to environmental groups to racial justice organizers to LGBTQIA rights advocates to candidates running for office -- you name it.

Application process: We will accept applications through August 1. After submission, select applicants will be invited to complete a skills-based task that can be completed at your convenience before August 7.

Salary: $60,000 to $80,000
[See more and apply here](https://analystinstitute.recruitee.com/o/research-manager-dc)
