---
layout: single
title:  "Data Director"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---


A new collaborative data organization is seeking talented, hardworking, and energetic people to join our team as Data Directors. It is a brand new organization that works with state Democratic parties and other clients to offer them data support and analytics in order to help win races up and down the ballot — from school board to the Oval Office. The Data Directors will be responsible for leveraging, managing, maintaining, and analyzing the voter data of all our clients.  

 
Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
Strong data analytics skills: Must have a strong knowledge of database technology, warehousing, and integration, with advanced training in data analytics and management. Proficiency using Microsoft Excel, CRMs and SQL databases is required; proficiency with Python or another coding language is preferred. You should also have experience with using technical solutions for moving data from one source to another or ETL processes.
 
 
Experience working with voter files: Must have a background working with voter data and a strong working knowledge of VAN/Votebuilder, in particular. This also includes a proficient understanding of the best practices around data security and managing sensitive voter data. 


Experience working in a technical capacity: Must have experience either managing a technical or data program, or working in an organization’s technical or data team with relevant project management systems.


Great communication skills: Must have the ability to synthesize and explain complex data reports in layperson’s terms, both verbally and in writing.  Must have a working knowledge of data visualization and reporting programs and know how to share insights in a clear, concise and actionable way. Must also be able to communicate effectively with state party clients to ensure alignment on timelines and deliverables.


Great collaboration skills:  Must have the ability to proactively seek solutions in coordination with the data lead and team, who oversee multiple complex projects. This includes the ability to re-prioritize tasks based on team needs, offer timely input, and share feedback on work progress. It also includes the ability to contribute to and support the team’s culture and goals. The organization will be remote, so you have the ability to adapt to the best practices and challenges of working with a team located across the country. You believe that we are strongest when we work together. You want to help create an environment where best practices are shared, team members are valued for their impact, and people are given the support they need to be successful.


 A positive attitude and the ability to work well under pressure: Must be a “can do” person with experience working in busy/high-pressure situations. Campaigns are very busy during election season, and we will be supporting the state parties in their election work. You know how to manage a heavy workload and prioritize between competing needs while keeping things positive and moving things forward. You have the capacity and willingness to work long hours during peak season, rolling up your sleeves and getting the work done. 


Proactive, creative, problem solving: Must have good instincts when it comes to anticipating and foreseeing challenges before they arise. When confronted with new problems, you must be willing to get creative and think outside the box. You tackle challenges head-on, and you’re eager to dive in with others to identify the best path forward while understanding and being able to articulate trade-offs. The bottom line is you will find a solution that works.


Ability to travel: State work with party and campaign clients will involve travel, especially at critical times for campaign planning, debriefs, trainings and convenings. Estimated % of time spent traveling is dependent on the needs of member states, with a goal of travel within your US region. Overall, the expected amount of travel is no more than 25%. The team will all be remote, but you must have access to a major airport from which you can travel.


Salary: $85,000 - $105,000, depending on experience


[See more and apply here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QdE2CRzCYfgJQB7YWZNdgxXwclHewDMNaY4v5nyoNmw/edit)
