---
layout: single
title:  "VVN: Data Engineer"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---


Voices Vote Now (VVN) provides data and analytics consulting services for progressive organizations. This position will provide technical support for voter registration programs across the State Voices network and other organizations.

VVN seeks a Data Engineer to implement, test, and maintain pipelines so that voter registration data can be manipulated inside and out of our central database. The Data Engineer will report to the Deputy Data Director. The Data Engineer will be responsible for large scale reporting automation with a particular focus on standardizing complicated voter registration data across multiple databases. The campaign will provide training and support to develop new technical skills. This individual will be at the forefront of the campaign’s effort to develop advanced voter registration dashboards and pipeline solutions, working closely with the campaign’s senior staff and with partner organizations. The campaign seeks to hire for this position immediately to work through the 2020 cycle.


The Data Engineer will:
* Work to modernize and streamline the voter registration data pipeline
* Centralize data across multiple databases and use innovative hygiene solutions to clean up traditionally complicated voter registration data
* Assist with building tools to help our team of data analysts automate traditionally manual reporting processes
* Collaborate with EVC vendors and national partners to identify technology and tools gaps
* Build advanced reports, one-off data manipulations, and analysis with assistance from the data team as needed
* Create and maintain national dashboards illustrating program activity across states and departments, including field, digital, communications, and legal
* Help data analysts troubleshoot their SQL, Python, or Ruby code
* Work closely with the field team to establish and manage effective systems to track and evaluate program progress to goal for the organization, staff, and partners
* Other duties as assigned
 

This is a great opportunity for someone who:
* Has experience communicating technical subject matter to a less technical audience, resulting in a more efficient program, and strong written communication skills
* Wants to work with the data team to establish data collection, analytics, and hygiene best standards
* Enjoys being an expert in their field and has a willingness to teach technical skills to other members of the team
* Is committed to the idea of changing the nature of the electorate
* Has a solutions-oriented approach and willingness to take initiative and offer solutions
* Has experience working on teams and is able to effectively manage tasks
* Is interested in gaining project management experience


Desired qualities for the Data Engineer:
* Strong knowledge of SQL and management of relational databases (Vertica, Redshift, PostgreSQL knowledge preferred)
* Experience with Ruby on Rails
* Strong object-oriented programing knowledge (Python preferred)
* Experience using APIs (specific knowledge of Google Sheets APIs a plus)
* General large-scale data manipulation
* Understanding of Terminal and Unix command line interface
* Ability to troubleshoot code on their own without support. Not afraid to turn to the internet for solutions.
* Ability to write clear, clean code and a willingness to use version control systems like Github


Preferred but not required:
* Experience creating reports using data visualization & business intelligence tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, Periscope, or Google Data Studio
* Previous experience using progressive data platforms (such as Civis Platform or BlueHQ)
* GIS (ArcGIS or QGIS) and mapping knowledge at an intermediate or higher level
* Previous experience working with VAN, Catalist, Politech, or other individual-level data used to target and implement civic engagement programs
* Previous experience using progressive data platforms (such as Civis Platform or BlueHQ) a plus
* Basic understanding of front-end languages, such as HTML, Javascript, and CSS a plus
* Experience working in the fields of voter registration or voting rights


How to Apply:

Please send a cover letter and resume to Jayme Amann at c3civicengagement@gmail.com with subject “Data Engineer.” Resumes and cover letters should have a filename that leads with last name and first initial. We offer a generous benefits package, including excellent health benefits and generous vacation and leave policies. Salary will be dependent on experience.


We embrace principles of nondiscrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, or transgender or veteran status. We strongly encourage people of color, women, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. This position will be staffed through VVN, which is an equal opportunity employer.
