---
layout: single
title:  "PA Dems: Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
---

The Pennsylvania Democratic Party is seeking a Data Director to begin immediately.

Key priorities for the Data Director include, but are not limited to:
* Implementation of the state party plan
* Coordinating usage and relevant training
* Working with campaigns and allied groups on data transfer and storage
* Participation in relevant DNC conference calls and VAN trainings
* Building overall data capacity


Data Management
* Day-to-day management of users and committees in Votebuilder
* Prepare and Run monthly online VoteBuilder trainings for all levels of VoteBuilder users
* Educate campaigns and county committees on voter file policies and increasing voter file usage.
* Monitor VAN usage to enforce VAN policies
* Update and maintain the voter file

Mail Program
* Schedule and perform policy review conference call with mail vendors
* Review and troubleshoot mail documents and forms to begin mail process
* Upload mail documents into system for retention
* Track and monitor mail pieces to ensure process is moving quickly and efficiently
* Grant final approval to mail vendors


Qualifications
* Knowledge and familiarity with VAN, preferably in an administrative role
* At least two cycles of prior campaign experience preferred.
* Demonstrated data analysis and writing skills, preferably in a political environment.
* Ability to plan and manage time sensitive projects with competing needs.
* Working knowledge of statistical models, precinct targeting, etc. a plus.
* Intermediate knowledge of Excel including formulas, functions, and pivot tables.
* Intermediate knowledge of Access (or other SQL database) including creating queries and manipulating large data sets strongly preferred
* Familiarity with GIS preferred but not required.
* Experience standardizing data from multiple sources to produce complex reports. • Strong attention to detail, including accuracy of data entry.
* Ability to multitask and manage time effectively.
* Capacity and desire to work long hours in a campaign setting.


Salary: Commensurate with experience

Location: Philadelphia or Harrisburg, PA


[See more and apply here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9_aAEjlRGgQZHFzMTRCYnBkNnJmOUUtV0xIUlU2eUpYRGFn)
