---
layout: single
title:  "Alliance for Youth Organizing: Nat'l Data Director"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---
The Data Director at the Alliance for Youth Action (along with our sister 501c3 organization the Alliance for Youth Organizing) will manage and build upon the internal and network data systems for our fast growing network. Since our inception, our network has led on some of the most innovative and exciting electoral and issue advocacy work across the country. We’re looking for an organized and driven individual to create and strengthen data systems for the Alliance Network, provide training and 1:1 support for network staff, and provide reports and data visualization to illustrate the work of the network. This is a full-time position based in our Washington, DC office, reporting to the Senior Director of Program and Partnerships.

About the Alliance for Youth Action
The Alliance convenes, supports, and scales a national network of youth-led, locally rooted organizations growing civic engagement and social justice coast to coast. We truly are a network “of young people, by young people, for all people.” In 2018, our affiliates and partners ran massive voter registration and get-out-the-vote drives, trained new young leaders, and ran powerful campaigns to win on the progressive issues our generation cares about most. Our national team empowers this work by tracking down national resources for the network, building capacity for local groups, seeding new efforts, and coordinating national issue campaigns. 


Job Responsibilities
* Systems Development: Support a network of over 11 organizations through the development of streamlined data management systems, including providing technical and organizing assistance and responding to programmatic requests.
* Metrics Tracking & Management: Track network wide organizational programs, monitor benchmarks, provide technical assistance and identify gaps in collective strategy.
* Direct Training: Work with network organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support and enhance contact programs. This includes assisting network organizations in employing best practices, and providing VAN and other technology trainings to Affiliate staff in one on one and group settings.
* Data Analysis and Reporting: Support the creation and development of written reports and other data visualization tools to utilize data analysis to support the network’s narrative.
* Other responsibilities as assigned.


Salary:  $75,000 – $85,000


[See more and apply here](https://www.allianceforyouthorganizing.org/job/national-data-director/)
