---
layout: single
title:  "Impact Justice: Database Administrator"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

Impact Justice is a national innovation and research center advancing new ideas and solutions for justice reform. We work to dramatically reduce the massive number of youth and adults in our justice system, improve conditions and outcomes for those who are incarcerated, and provide meaningful opportunities for formerly incarcerated people to rejoin their communities.

Please see our website at https://impactjustice.org/ for more information.

About the National PREA Resource Center
The National PREA Resource Center (PRC) is a project of Impact Justice (IJ), funded through a cooperative agreement with the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA), Office of Justice Programs (OJP), at the Department of Justice (DOJ). The PRC serves as the national source for training and technical assistance to assist adult and juvenile corrections, detention, law enforcement, and other professionals in their ongoing work to implement the National Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Standards and reduce sexual abuse in confinement settings. The PRC also supports the Department’s administration of the PREA audit process, including the auditor training, certification, and ongoing education programs. 

The Job/Summary Position Description 
The PRC is seeking a Database Administrator to join our rapidly growing organization. This new position will be primarily responsible for the administration of PRC’s information technology architecture, including: effective project management as the PRC continues to grow and evolve its information infrastructure; implementation, configuration, and maintenance of information systems and components; responsibility for the performance, security, and integrity of PRC’s information and information technology; and creating and delivering training on systems utilization for programmatic staff and executive leadership. The ideal candidate will have a robust project management background; advanced familiarity and competence with Salesforce; an ability to design and develop other database platforms or applications; and ability to take on minor to moderate coding and development challenges. The portfolio will also include occasional support for other Impact Justice projects to assist with enterprise information technology needs. Applicants should be comfortable working in a complex, fast-paced, and deadline-driven environment that often grows organically based on emergent needs. 


Salary: $60,000 - $65,000


[See more and apply here](https://impactjustice.org/job/database-administrator/)
