---
layout: single
title:  "For Our Future: Nat'l Data Director"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

For Our Future (“FOF”) and For Our Future Action Fund (“FOFAF”) are seeking a National Data Director as a senior member of the national data and analytics team to run a data driven, robust, multi-state independent field program.

We do things differently! We are a people-driven organization committed to serving progressive values and causes. We are committed to investing and growing the progressive infrastructure. We do this by providing support to our local community partners to build lasting progressive political power in their communities. Some of that support includes providing them with the training, tools, and resources necessary to empower their community and cultivate leaders. We are also strongly committed to standing in solidarity with our union brothers and sisters by mobilizing working families on creating shared economic prosperity, building strong public schools, addressing climate change and supporting racial justice.

The National Data & Analytics Director is a senior position that manages the data, analytics, and technical program of For Our Future. The role facilitates and sustains relationships with members of the board, state staff, other senior members of the For Our Future team, and vendors to ensure that the data ecosystem is equipped to address grassroots and field program in-state. This position is responsible for creating and maintaining systems of communications with state teams to support their program. The role includes identifying best data practices to simplify reporting and experiment implementation. The National Data & Analytics Director manages the National Data team and is responsible for recruiting, hiring, and managing team members appropriate to the period of the programmatic cycle.

[See more and apply here](https://boards.greenhouse.io/forourfuture/jobs/1500280)
