---
layout: single
title:  "Fuse: Technology Manager"
tags: 
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - engineer
    - tech
---
Do you want to put your tech skills to work for progressive causes as part of a small, mission-driven team? Do you think Washington should lead the nation with smart policies to fight climate change, expand affordable housing, and achieve racial justice? Are you excited about using technology to help progressives win in Washington and across the country? If so, this job may be for you! 


Job description 

Fuse Washington is hiring a Technology Manager to maintain and build digital tools used by organizers and activists Washington. This position will focus on coding, data management, testing, and technology support. This person will work in a fast-paced office environment as part of the Fuse online team of communicators and developers. This is a full-time, salaried position that is based in Seattle and reports to the Communications Director.


Key areas of responsibility
* Use digital tools to support advocacy, including ActionKit and EveryAction. (35%) This includes helping code, target, test, and analyze grassroots advocacy emails, customize action pages, and support organizers’ use of EveryAction. 
* Support technology consultants’ work on the Progressive Voters Guide. (30%) 
* Manage and streamline Fuse data across departments. (15%)
* Maintain and upgrade Fuse websites. (10%)
* IT support, including printer, scanner, internet, VOIP, and video conference tools. (5%)
* Other organizational support, as needed. (5%)


Required Qualifications
* Work, volunteer, academic, and life experience are all acceptable
* General web skills: HTML CSS, JavaScript, etc.
* Strong problem-solving skills 
* Innovative and self-directed
* Data-driven with excellent attention to detail
* Strong interpersonal skills
* Good sense of humor
* A passion for progressive politics in Washington
* Ability to thrive in an open office with a fast-paced, campaign-style work environment


Extra Credit Qualifications

None of these skills or experiences are required for an applicant to be competitive. 
* Working knowledge of PHP and JavaScript frameworks like Bootstrap and jQuery
* Experience with content management solutions such as Drupal
* Experience building Drupal themes or Drupal modules
* Knowledge of database design and implementation experience and SQL
* Experience using Drupal management tools, such as composer, drush, drupal console, etc.
* Experience working with Drupal core modules such as Content Translation, Local, Views, Services
* Experience with political, issue, or legislative campaigns
* Experience with analysis of data and technical systems
* Familiarity with CRM platforms such as Mailchimp, Salsa, Actionkit, etc.
* Familiarity with the voter databases and other politically-related digital tools such as VAN and EveryAction
* Personal commitment to undoing institutional racism and advancing social, environmental, and economic justice


Compensation
The salary range is $60,000 to $70,000 per year, commensurate with experience. Fuse offers paid medical, dental, and vision benefits, an unlimited transit pass, a retirement package with a 3% match, 10 paid holidays and generous vacation time.


Application Process


Please submit all of the following materials no later than February 20 to jobs@fusewashington.org:
* Resume
* Short cover letter (no more than 1 page) explaining your interest in Fuse and this position in particular. 
* Two professional references


No phone calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered as they arrive. 


Fuse Washington is an equal opportunity employer. We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. All interested individuals, including women and men of color, persons with disabilities, and persons who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and/or intersex are particularly urged to apply.


Salary: $60,000 to $70,000

Location: Seattle, WA
