---
layout: single
title:  "Teach For America: Data, Analytics and Reporting Analyst"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

As the Data, Analytics, & Reporting Analyst*, you will play a pivotal role in shaping both how the organization engages with top-line data on all critical outcomes (programmatic, financial, operational) and how it engages with the detailed data used to train and support corps members and alumni. Specifically, you will influence how and when regional and national stakeholders interact with data on our most fundamental measures of success by leveraging your abilities to manipulate data and conduct robust statistical analyses, to visualize data in innovative ways, and to design and evolve the tools, systems, and feedback channels needed to do so most effectively. This position is a unique opportunity for an individual with exceptional analytic and technical data skills, and advanced communication and visualization skills. The ideal candidate will also excel at building relationships and have a track record of exercising strong judgment and operating independently in complex situations. 

*Internally this role is titled Director, Data, Analytics & Reporting

THE ORGANIZATION
There are more than 16 million children growing up in poverty in the U.S., and less than 10 percent of them will graduate from college. These statistics are not a reflection of our children’s potential; we know that children growing up in poverty can and do achieve at the highest levels. Rather, these statistics reflect the systemic lack of access and opportunity for children in low-income communities.
 
Teach For America’s (TFA) mission is to find, develop, and support a diverse network of leaders committed to expanding opportunity for children from classrooms, schools, and every sector and field that shapes the broader systems in which schools operate. We are seeking individuals who align with our mission, core values and commitment to Diversity Equity & Inclusiveness and are ready to join us in this global movement.


Salary: competitive and depends on your prior work experience

Location: Flexible


[See more and apply here](https://teachforamerica.secure.force.com/apex/ts2__jobdetails?jobId=a0x3o000007uDquAAE)
