---
layout: single
title:  "Strategies 360: IT Specialist"
tags: 
    - clientservices
    - consultants
    - i.t.
    - tech
---
Strategies 360 is seeking a full-time, IT Specialist to join our team in our Seattle, WA headquarters. As our IT Specialist, you’ll serve as the first point of contact for all technology-related needs within our organization. Our ideal candidate is an ambitious, self-starter who is eager to revolutionize how we utilize technology here at Strategies 360.

With offices in 12 Western states and Washington, D.C., Strategies 360 is the leading public affairs, communications, research, and marketing firm in the west. The firm also owns and operates its own in-house creative design and marketing practice, The Hilt. With experts drawn from the worlds of government, politics, the news media, quantitative and qualitative research, advertising, marketing and design, S360 crafts and executes the strategies that help clients succeed.

Primary Responsibilities–
* Provide excellent customer support within our IT ticketing system and communicate with third-party vendors when escalation is necessary.
* Assist with user on-boarding and off-boarding procedures.
* Administer our business applications which include: Office 365, Azure AD, G Suite, and Adobe.
* Assist with IT office inventory, asset management, and hardware purchasing and shipping.
* Provide end-user support for both Mac and PC computers.
* In-person technical support for the Seattle team.
* Assist in the deployment of our MDM software solution.


Salary: Not listed

Location: Seattle, WA


[See more and apply here](https://www.strategies360.com/2019/12/09/job-posting-it-specialist/)
