---
layout: single
title:  "Survey160: Lead Engineer"
tags: 
    - civicengagement
    - datamanagement
    - engineer
    - nonprofit
    - tech
---

Survey 160 seeks a Lead Engineer to be a cornerstone member of our small but growing team. Survey 160 is a software company which provides polling and research services, specifically for data acquisition using SMS. 

The Lead Engineer will manage our technology stack, working with the company leadership to build out a robust, well-designed, scalable platform. This role is ideal for someone with experience and/or interest in early-stage software projects, extensive coding skills, and who is a self-starter looking for experience managing a small team, but we encourage people to apply even if they are not sure they meet all the requirements


**RESPONSIBILITIES**
* Oversee full stack development and maintenance, specifically setting infrastructure roadmaps and helping set engineering/product strategy in coordination with the CEO and CRO; the Lead Engineer will spend significant time coordinating, writing and QC’ing code.
* Remotely lead three contract members of our growing engineering team, ensuring high quality and on time deliverables.
* Contribute to the codebase in keeping with our product roadmap, including expansion of our Services and SaaS offering of our data acquisition product.
* Help develop product roadmap, informed by client feedback and platform performance. This includes discovery and risk assessment. 
* Ensure a stable product that can keep up with large spikes in usage expected during peak moments in the 2020 campaign season

**REQUIREMENTS**
* You enjoy writing, reviewing, and documenting code, and get excited about improving tools and processes. This includes version control and ensuring a long term stable product.
* Ability to develop and support distributed, scalable software systems in a production environment.
* Experience with functional programming patterns, specifically using Python and JavaScript. Additional coding experience may be valuable.
* Comfort working remotely and believe in the value of distributed teams.
* Mission driven and belief in building an inclusive community with and for your co-workers.
* Highest degree of integrity, specifically with respect to access to sensitive client information/data.

**Additional skill sets that are of value, but are not required include:**
* Familiarity with devops protocols with a tech stack that features a Python backend, React JS frontend, postgresql database hosted on GoogleCloud, and Twilio APIs.
* Experience working collaboratively with teams of engineers, product managers, and other key stakeholders.
* A desire to gain project and team management skills, with the support of the CEO & CRO.
* Exposure to quantitative research processes and survey data sets. 


Salary: $75,000 - $90,000

Location: Remote


[See more and apply here](https://www.survey160.com/jobs)
