---
layout: single
title:  "Sierra Club: CRM Support Associate"
tags: 
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---
Constituent Relationship Management (CRM) Support Associate

Context: Provides logistical support for Conservation’s CORE (Salesforce) database.  Works with Club Conservation staff to ensure they have appropriate access, support and training for constituent outreach and organizing Sierra Club.  Member of the Conservation Data Team.

Scope: Works under the direction of the Conservation Data Director to assist and train Conservation staff in using Sierra Club’s constituent relationship management system which supports constituent outreach and organizing activities.  Provides service to Sierra Club staff and chapter leaders, authorized to use Club constituent data.  Works with staff to plan appropriate data collection, entry and analysis.  Maintains awareness of the full array of relevant Club systems and how data is shared or synchronized between them.  Informs users about Club data use policies. Maintains, enters and updates data on individual data records, as needed. 

Job Activities:
* CORE (Salesforce) master user for the Conservation Department. Provide backup VAN support to VAN Administrator as needed.
* Works with Data Director and staff to design, revise, arrange, and conduct training on the use of Club constituent outreach and organizing systems which maintain information about members, volunteers, activists, and volunteer-prospects.  Develops appropriate self-help materials to assist users in their use of club data systems.  Maintains existing materials to reflect changes in systems – or new awareness of difficulties users have with the systems.
* Helps identify and resolve system issues.  Works with appropriate staff to develop and enhance systems, customer service business practices, and user experience.  Recognizes and forwards system issues to appropriate staff. 
* Works with appropriate Club staff to design and develop general standards and guidance for entering and making the best use of high-quality data.  Answers questions from staff and volunteers about the use of Club systems.  Advises users on most effective ways to accomplish particular tasks, and helps solve user problems and issues.  Works with Data Director to convert and import data into Club systems.
* Supports and deploys change management initiatives to ensure Salesforce adoption and use.
* Reviews system usage reports.  Contacts users to improve understanding and use of Club systems. 
* Keeps abreast of the full array of Club constituent systems and works with users to properly identify the most appropriate tool to use for any specific task.
* Collaborates with Digital Strategies and IT in ongoing conduct and delivery of CRM and related tools.
* Transfers data into or out of systems as needed. Creates new user accounts and enforces appropriate authorization.
* Performs manual or automated data entry/data clean up as required.
* Performs miscellaneous duties as assigned.


Knowledge & Skills:
* Minimum one year Salesforce use or support, or similar CRM.
* Minimum one year customer service or training experience.
* Knowledge of Salesforce Platform capabilities. Experience with VAN desirable.
* Strong analytical skills; advanced knowledge of Microsoft EXCEL.
* Excellent interpersonal skills.  Top notch customer service and communication skills.
* Personal alignment with Sierra Club’s equity, diversity and inclusivity goals.
* Strong organizational skills; detail oriented.
* Demonstrated passion and enthusiasm for helping resolve problems.
* Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team to set priorities and identify and resolve problem situations.
* Demonstrated initiative, good organizational and prioritizing skills.
* Basic knowledge of HTML desirable but not required.
* Ability to interact effectively with staff and volunteers at all levels.


Salary: Competitive

Location: Oakland, CA or Washington, DC


[See more and apply here](https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm01/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=SIERRACLUB&cws=39&rid=1577)
