---
layout: single
title:  "Colorado Democrats: Deputy Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
---
The 2020 Colorado Democratic Coordinated Campaign is seeking highly motivated, passionate
and talented Deputy Data Directors for our statewide organizing program. The CO Coordinated
Campaign will play a crucial role in defeating both President Trump and the most vulnerable
Republican senator in the country, as well as electing Democrats down-ticket across the state.

Key Responsibilities:
* Design and build reports and tools for other teams on the Coordinated Campaign in line
with key programmatic priorities, particularly the organizing and digital teams
* Build target universes for the purpose of voter contact
* Maintain and respond to a ticketing system for data support requests and flags
* Build data pipelines and integrations between tools and platforms
* Support other members of the data team to complete projects as necessary
* Develop and present VAN training materials to the organizing team in statewide, small
group and one-on-one virtual settings

There are no formal education requirements for this role. Some of the skills we are looking for
are listed below, but if you are interested in campaign data and you only have some of these
skills (especially if you have a previous cycle of campaign experience under your belt), you
should still apply. If you are motivated to learn new skills and elect Democrats, we are excited to
help you learn with our team.

Desired Skills:
* Proficiency in Excel or Google Sheets
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
* A creative and analytical mindset in approach to projects and tasks
* Proficiency in SQL
* Experience using VAN
* Proficiency in Python, R, or other programming languages
* Experience using Tableau or QGIS
* Experience analyzing digital advertising data

Deputy Data Directors will report to the Data Director. While the role will start as remote due to
COVID-19, the Coordinated Campaign is based in Denver, CO and the data team will eventually
need to be working from there. The salary for this role starts at $5,000/month.

Salary: $5,000/month 

Location: Denver, CO


[See more and apply here](https://www.coloradodems.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Job-Description-Deputy-Data-Director.pdf)
