---
layout: single
title:  "Texas House Democrats Campaign Committee: Targeting Analyst"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - nonprofit
---
Texas is the biggest battleground state in the country, and Texas Democrats are poised to win. HDCC and TDP are seeking a top-tier, self-motivated, and innovative Targeting Analyst.  They will be responsible for working directly with campaigns, county parties, and allied organizations to develop program specific targets and reporting.  

About the Texas House Democratic Campaign Committee

The Texas House Democratic Campaign Committee is committed to working together to build the state all Texans deserve with high-quality education, affordable and accessible health care, and increasing support for working families. The values we share bring our communities together and serve as a guide for how we make our state work better for all of us, no matter what we look like or where we come from.

 Democrats are only nine seats away from winning a majority in the Texas House. We are building out our grassroots team to lead us to victory in 2020 so we can deliver on our shared values around community, opportunity, justice, and equality.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:

* Developing targets for specific set of geographies / districts
* Interpreting polls to inform targets / messaging in geographies / districts
* Developing and interpreting reports for geographies / districts
* Other data / tech duties to support geographies / districts, including VAN administration, creating phone banks, managing texting programs

Requirements include:

* 1+ years of experience working as a software developer and/or data scientist
* Experience with Python, Gitlab / Github, and SQL
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, and experience explaining technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
* An absolute commitment to working at the Texas HDCC through November 2020

Preferred background and experience:

* Political or electoral experience, including having volunteered with campaigns
* Familiarity with VAN, Hustle, ThruText, and other progressive voter contact tools

This is a cycle job, expected to last through the 2020 election.

Compensation: This position pays $4,200 - $4,500 monthly depending on experience. 

Location: Austin, TX


[Please apply at info@texashdcc.com.  All submissions must include a cover letter and resume.]
