---
layout: single
title:  "Wisconsin Voices: Data & Technology Director/Manager"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
    - tech
---
Wisconsin Voices is the state based table serving over 60 organizations and administering technology tools. ​Wisconsin Voices is a fast-paced nonprofit organization whose mission is to unify a dynamic network of progressive nonprofits in Wisconsin around achieving shared goals to build a better democracy.

We build our partners’ capacity, amplify their impact, nurture new leadership, promote racial equity, champion transparent policies, and foster civic engagement so that everyone has an equal voice.

POSITION OVERVIEW
Wisconsin Voices is looking for a Data and Technology Director OR a Data and Technology Manager. The primary distinction is the level of experience and qualifications the candidate brings to the job. The role will have joint support from State Voices (national data hub) and Wisconsin Voices (state-based table serving over 60 organizations and administering technology tools).

The Data Director/Manager is responsible for providing training and support for partner organizations to take a data-driven approach to integrating voter contact tools into their organizing and voter outreach work. The Data Director/Manager also supports their staff by using data to inform the collective strategic planning process. The Data Director/Manager serves at the direction of the Wisconsin Voices Program Director.


Salary: $60,000 – $69,000 for Director level experience. For Manager: $50,000 – $57,000.

Location: Milwaukee, WI


[See more and apply here](https://statevoices.org/careers/data-technology-director-manager-wisconsin/)
