---
layout: single
title:  "Leaders Igniting Transformation: Data Manager"
tags: 
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---
ABOUT LEADERS IGNITING TRANSFORMATION:
Leaders Igniting Transformation (LIT) is a youth of color led independent nonprofit. Founded in 2017,
LIT engages in values-based issue and electoral organizing, direct action, advocacy for public policy,
and leadership development. On campuses and communities in Milwaukee’s key geographies, we
organize young people to build independent political power for social, racial and economic justice.

Data Manager
The Data Manager will manage and maintain its civic engagement & base building databases across
the organization, support data needs for civic engagement organizing, collect data for regular
reporting, and help develop unified reporting and analysis for all civic engagement activities. We’re
looking for an organized and driven individual to create and strengthen data systems, provide training
and 1:1 support for staff, and provide reports and data visualization to illustrate the work of the
organization.

The Data Manager will:
* Manage and administer various volunteer and voter tools (e.g. VAN, EveryAction, ThruText,
ThruTalk, CallHub Textedly, Reach, etc.)
* Track programmatic progress to goals to provide actionable information to others in the
organization
* Provide training and support across the organization to implement data processes
* Work with state partners to ensure efficient use of resources
* Coordinate with leadership (and national staff where appropriate) to identify and resolve issues
Consider applying if you:
* Have at least one cycle of political experience (not necessarily in a data role)
* Like finding solutions to complicated problems
* Are familiar with tools like VAN, EveryAction, ThruText, ThruTalk, CallHub, Textedly, Reach, etc.
* Use all the cool formulas in Google Sheets/Microsoft Excel
* Are a self-starter and detail-oriented
* Know when to answer the question someone meant to ask rather than the one they did
* Can manage several tasks/projects concurrently and prioritize work effectively

Definitely apply if you:
* Have used Civis Platform before and/or know SQL, R, or Python
* Can implement randomized controlled experiments
* Are (or have been) a data staffer for a statewide organization

Equal Opportunity
Leaders Igniting Transformation is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse work
environment. People of color, people with disabilities, people of diverse sexual orientations, gender
expressions, and identities are encouraged to apply.

Logistics
* Compensation: $60,000 salary + $100 monthly cell phone stipend + $250 monthly wifi +
wellness stipend
* Benefits: Leaders Igniting Transformation offers a competitive benefits package covering
100% of employee medical, dental, & vision insurance premiums
* Location: Preferably Milwaukee, open to remote work
* Travel: Minimal
* This position is set to end April 9, 2021 unless extended.

PRIORITY DEADLINE TO APPLY IS July 10, 2020.

Salary: $60,0000 salary + $100 monthly cell phone stipend + $250 monthly wifi +
wellness stipend

Location:  Preferably Milwaukee, open to remote work


[See more and apply here](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/59babf0451a584437bcb6f6c/t/5ef121a63ab7a06348921065/1592861094585/LIT_DataManager_Description-2.pdf)
