---
layout: single
title:  "Mi Familia Vota: AZ Data Director"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - nonprofit
---

Mi Familia Vota / Mi Familia Vota Education Fund is one of the premiere Latino civic engagement
organizations in the country with a trained and skilled staff dedicated to the empowerment and civic
participation of the Latino community. MFV/MFV EF develops, coordinates, and implements
sophisticated non-partisan field programs and strategies including citizenship promotion and assistance,
voter registration, and voter education and mobilization.

Established in 2008, MFV/MFVEF is governed by a seven-member Board of Directors composed of
renowned labor leaders, LGBT rights leaders, and leaders in the corporate and philanthropic sectors.
MFVEF is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, maintaining operations in Riverside & Modesto,
California; Denver & Pueblo, Colorado; Orlando & Tampa, Florida; Reno & Las Vegas, Nevada; and
Houston, Texas with an annual operating budget of $2.5 million. Our staff members are leaders from the
very communities we serve, reflecting the diversity of their constituency. Our national and local
leadership bring with them many years of experience in a vast array of sectors including civic engagement
and community organizing.

The Position
MFV AZ seeks a Data Director to devise, implement, and manage strong data management protocols and
targeting strategies for the state’s ambitious voter registration, digital organizing, and get out the vote
(GOTV) efforts in 2020. In collaboration with the State Director, Field Director, and the Digital
Organizing Director, the Data Director will assess the current tools and data management practices and
train and regularly oversee staff’s implementation of these data management protocols. An ideal
candidate will be data-driven and passionate about civic engagement and social justice, has an
understanding of the issues that impact the Latinx community and is well versed in the political and
demographic make-up of Arizona. This position reports directly to the State Director.

Job Responsibilities

* Ensure data management protocols accurately and completely capture data from digital organizing,
voter registration, and voter contact (GOTV) efforts that happen in-person and online.
* Train and oversee the Digital Organizing and Field team’s implementation of these data management
protocols and adjust as needed.
* Provide data-minded recommendations and targeting strategy for voter registration, organizing, and
GOTV efforts in collaboration with the Field Director.
* Partner with the state table (One Arizona and Arizona Wins) to understand and maintain best
practices and standards for data collection and preservation.
* Support the Digital Organizing team’s strategy for messaging and engagement based on analytics
and best practices.
* Be the MFV point person for 2020 research, polling, and experiments conducted with external
partners.
* Create a system to track and analyze efforts to ensure progress to goal and impact.
* Other duties, as assigned.

Desired Qualifications

* 2+ years in a data related field and/or experience in candidate or issue-based campaigns, with an
understanding of direct voter contact programs.
* Understanding of the AZ political and demographic landscape and desire to engage the Latinx
electorate.
* Strong data management and analysis skills and working knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Google
Sheets, Voter Activation Network (VAN), EveryAction, Thru Talk & Text
* Experience conveying the purpose and value of strong data management practices to a wide range of
audiences and properly training a team of organizers to learn new systems and manage data.
* Experience working with a state table is desired.
* Effective communicator, detail oriented, flexible and responsive to shifting demands, multiple
projects and deadlines.
* Bilingual fluency in English and Spanish is desired but not a requirement.

This is a full time (40 hours/week) salaried position that requires a willingness to occasionally work outside of normal business hours (on-call nights and weekends during campaign season)

Salary: Based on experience

Location: Phoenix, AZ


Send a resume and cover letter to omarm@mifamiliavota.org and samanthad@mifamiliavota.org with the
subject line: “Data Director”
