---
layout: single
title:  "Organize New Hamphire: Deputy Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - datamanagement
---
Organize New Hampshire -- the New Hampshire Coordinated Campaign -- is seeking a highly
motivated Deputy Data Director to help ensure Democratic victories across the state. 2020 is
going to be a critical year for New Hampshire Democrats. The New Hampshire Coordinated
Campaign is the umbrella organization under which that state party combines and focuses its
resources for targeted races ensuring New Hampshire elects Democrats up and down the ballot
this November. This position reports to The Data Director.

Your role will include, but not be limited to:
* Building, maintaining, and troubleshooting reports and tools for other teams on the
Coordinated Campaign in line with key programmatic priorities - in particular the
organizing teams.
* Build target universes for the purpose of volunteer recruitment and direct voter outreach.
* Administer VAN for our organizing team, and build integrations between existing tools
and platforms.
* Develop and present VAN training materials to the organizing team in statewide, small
group and one-on-one virtual settings

We encourage you to apply if you’ve got a combination of the following:
* Passion for Democratic party values.
* Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines under
pressure by thinking of creative solutions.
* Must be self-motivated and willing to work long hours, including nights and weekends, in
a fast-paced and high-pressure environment.
* Comfort with using Microsoft Excel or google sheets to track, analyze, and present data.
* VoteBuilder experience (either as an administrator or user).
* One or more cycles of campaign experience, including any other campaign departments.
* Previous SQL, Google Sheets, and Excel experience (at any level).


Salary: $6,000/month

Location: Not Listed


[See more and apply here](https://b9855d0b-3c11-4c17-964b-9f12435a501f.filesusr.com/ugd/696cec_aa1daa94d64745e4822a159b3936a201.pdf)
