---
layout: single
title:  "America Votes Florida: Data Manager"
tags: 
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org.


COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY
America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include:


Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships.
Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process.
Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space.


America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity.


POSITION DESCRIPTION
America Votes Florida is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The Florida Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director.


RESPONSIBILITIES
* Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. 
* Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences.  
* Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data.
* Work with the state data director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed.
* Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment databases, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs.
* Supporting AV staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans.
* Support partner and organizational VAN and data trainings
* Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy.
* Support the creation and development of written reports and products.
* Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude.
* Other responsibilities as assigned.


Salary: $50,000 - $55,000

Location: Florida


[See more and apply here](https://americavotes.org/jobs/?job_id=64f6a5da-7cf9-46b8-935d-c63ac5aae43f) Be sure to scroll down.
