---
layout: single
title:  "Organizing Together 2020: Florida Deputy Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
---

Organizing Together 2020 is a coalition of organizations, organizers and activists working together to advance progressive issues and defeat President Trump. Organizing Together 2020 is a federal independent campaign that will build community based, volunteer driven, issue and electoral organizational capacity for the general election campaign. Organizing Together 2020 will organize early to build a robust organization ready to fully support a nominee for the general election. Organizing Together 2020 is an independent effort not affiliated with any candidate or political party committee. Organizing Together 2020 staff will be employed by 2020 Campaign Services, INC.  Learn more about Organizing Together 2020 by copying and pasting this link: https://t.co/kv6qKtX04U?amp=1

The Florida Deputy Data Director will work as a member of the state data department to support the data needs of a community-based, volunteer-driven organizational capacity in Florida, in partnership with non-profit organizations. The Florida Deputy Data Director will report to the Data Director and will assist in providing necessary data resources to the state team including data management & analysis, visualization & reporting, data training, developing data-driven recommendations, adapting procedures, and VAN administration. Ideal candidates for this position are interested in collecting and analyzing information to help increase the impact of progressive organizations. No prior analytics experience required.


Responsibilities:
* Assist with coordination of daily data operations to support the FL organization with a focus on how data can be used to help build a robust volunteer organization & infrastructure
* Provide timely and relevant analysis of data
* Generate reports and data visualizations
* Train and support organizing staff on VAN/Votebuilder and other data tools, including reports;Develop recommendations for personnel assignments based on data analysis
* Design procedures for efficient data management and reporting
* Support other data team projects as necessary.


Experience & Qualifications:
* Demonstrated interest in using data to improve the impact of progressive organizations
* Experience with community organizing or data management/analysis
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience;Ability to learn quickly and adapt to a fast-paced environment
* Exceptional attention to detail and organizational skills and the ability to work effectively under pressure
* Team player with strong interpersonal skills and experience collaborating on large projects
* Self-motivated and able to work independently
* Respect for state-based organizations, leaders and programs
* Dedicated to working for Democratic candidates and causes


Salary: Not listed

Location: Florida


[See more and apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/2020campaignservices/89b6b0d5-ed70-41c1-8bf7-27184ff87744)
