---
layout: single
title:  "The New Media Firm: Statistical Data Analyst"
tags: 
    - analyst
    - analytics
    - consultants
    - data
---

In 2020, Americans will vote for the future they want to live in, and The New Media Firm is working to help make that a future where everyone prospers. We are seeking a creative research methodologist and statistical analyst to help us create the practice of learning what kinds of messages resonate with different audiences. The statistical analyst will be responsible for designing research and analyzing data from digital ad campaigns and managing and storing the data we receive.

Statistical Data Analyst  

This is a client facing role and the right candidate must demonstrate effective interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to build and maintain strong working relationships.

You might be right for this role if you:
* Love data.
* Have experience doing advanced statistics, including cluster and factor regression analysis, in a social sciences context.
* Feel comfortable with R and/or Python and SQL.
* Have experience with experiment design, predictive modeling, and/or statistical inference.
* Have strong written and verbal communication skills, and experience explaining technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
* Are curious, collaborative, and humble – ready to work with a diverse team to solve interesting problems together.
 

Salary: $90,000 - $115,000

Location: Not stated, Presumably Washington, DC


[See more and apply here](https://thenewmediafirm.com/the-new-media-firm-is-hiring/)
