---
layout: single
title:  "JCC: Development Data Coord."
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - nonprofit
---

JCC Chicago is now hiring a Development Data Coordinator to join our amazing fundraising team!

The Development Data Coordinator is responsible for updating and managing JCC Chicago’s fundraising database with strong attention to detail. Responsibilities include updating donor records, creating queries and reports, and analyzing fund-raising data and campaigns. The Coordinator will strengthen the effectiveness and efficiency of the Financial Resource Development (FRD) team by providing support for department initiatives and events, administrative support to the team, acts as a team player, is a proactive problem-solver and handles all interactions with great diplomacy and confidentiality.


Requirements
* Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Communications, Public Administration or related with previous experience in nonprofit and/or fundraising preferred.
* Training in The Raiser’s Edge database; proficiency at an expert level including knowledge of creating queries, imports/exports, reports.
* Proficiency with database software systems required, experience with donor management systems preferred; knowledge of Salesforce Nonprofit Success Pack or Blackbaud’s Raiser's Edge highly desirable.
* High level of proficiency with Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, Vlookup and PowerPoint) 
* Previous experience using internet research tools.
* Excellent communication skills (writing, spelling, listening and speaking).
* Accuracy, attention to detail and organizational skills.
* The ideal candidate will demonstrate the ability to manage heavy workload, prioritize multiple and concurrent assignments and meet critical deadlines while handling private and highly sensitive information with strict confidentiality.


Salary: Not listed

Location: Chicago, IL


[See more and apply here](https://careers.npo.net/jobs/ja/13385507/&utm_source=BTI_JOB_ALERT&utm_medium=email)
