---
layout: single
title:  "Turnout 2020: Senior Software Engineer"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - civicengagement
    - engineer
    - tech
    - nonprofit
---

Turnout2020 is a nonprofit organization founded by a small team of elections and technology experts (including the founders of Vote.org and Vote.gov), who have come together to combat the chaos of the 2020 election cycle by helping to to drive record-shattering voter turnout.  We will accomplish this via hyper-aggressive and targeted outreach to the millions of low and no-propensity voters who are generally neglected by partisan groups. This isn’t just empty rhetoric: collectively we’ve registered about 20 million voters and run GOTV to tens of millions more in our past roles. Now we’re scaling up.  

What we’re looking for:
Turnout2020 is seeking a full-time Senior Software Engineer to take a leading role in the development of Get Out The Vote web applications, primarily by architecting, developing, and deploying high-quality Python code to Amazon Web Services. The ideal candidate will have a passion for increasing voter participation, while being comfortable working collaboratively and swiftly on a small, all-remote engineering and product team. This position is an opportunity to develop new software products on tight deadlines to drive as many Americans as possible to the polls.


Role Responsibilities
* You’ll be working primarily with the Tech team under the direction of the Director of Technology, who has had nearly 15 years developing civic-focused technologies and web tools.


Here’s what you’ll be working on:
* Design and implement APIs for voter-centered tools
* Write clean and scalable Python code that can be publicly released
* Take ownership of bugs and feature requests submitted by product and support teams
* Work in a solutions-oriented fashion with stakeholders across the organization
* Mentor other developers, and assist in code review and troubleshooting of others’ code
* Participate in “on-call” rotations to respond to system outages
* Other tech and organizational projects as assigned. We’re working to increase voter turnout, not just write code.


You should meet the following minimum requirements:
* 5-7+ years of experience as a Software Engineer or similar role working on a user-facing web application
* An understanding of all parts of a full-stack web application. We currently use Django and React, and trust every engineer to jump in where needed
* Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and working in the AWS console


Salary: The salary range for the role of Senior Software Engineer is $110K - $120K for candidates based in SF, NYC or DC.  The salary range will be adjusted based on cost of living data for folks who live in less expensive regions.  Here’s why: we feel strongly that progressive organizations should optimize for a consistent standard of living for all employees. If we pay folks in Mississippi our SF salary, then our MS employees are living in 8 bedroom homes while our SF employees have a more modest lifestyle. 

Location: Remote


[See more and apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/turnout2020/2357f5fb-917b-459f-a6f6-d0ffa443680c)
