---
layout: single
title:  "The International Refugee Assistance Project: Manager of Monitoring and Evaluation"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
---
About IRAP
The International Refugee Assistance Project (“IRAP”) is a dynamic and growing legal, policy, and advocacy organization that works to develop and enforce a system of legal and human rights for refugees and displaced persons around the world.

IRAP operates offices in the U.S. (New York City), Jordan (Amman), and Lebanon (Beirut). Our legal services are supplemented by a corps of pro bono lawyers from leading U.S. and international law firms and multi-national corporations, and law students who have created IRAP chapters across the United States and Canada. Through this work, we aim to assist refugees and other displaced people to find safe passage and to transform the landscape of refugee rights in the U.S. and internationally. IRAP has over 70 full-time staff, the majority of whom are based in the New York City office, with others working in field offices in Jordan and Lebanon or remotely. We are a nimble organization staffed by an innovative and collaborative team that is committed to high standards of quality and close partnerships with our clients, peers, and colleagues. 

Opportunity
IRAP is currently seeking an experienced and tactical professional to serve as its first Manager of Monitoring and Evaluation. The Manager of Monitoring and Evaluation will lead IRAP’s efforts to enhance our use of data and design and implement comprehensive strategies and systems for measuring the impact of IRAP’s programs. This manager will work across departments at IRAP and with our IT Department to identify key areas for evaluation, build capacity for tracking success and ongoing self-evaluation, and develop and build systems to improve data tracking and monitoring in order to best inform external stakeholders about our work.

Responsibilities 
* Oversee the use of evaluation as a tool in accomplishing program/project objectives and ensure that data is being collected accurately, analyzed appropriately and adapted as needed.
* Develop, oversee, and update effective data systems across our legal services, litigation and policy departments to ensure accurate evaluation of our organization’s impact. 
  * Work with IRAP’s IT Department to develop and implement data strategies for monitoring impact.
  * Engage and manage consultants, as necessary, to develop and implement new evaluation tools and systems when needed.
  * Establish standards to ensure data quality.
* Lead IRAP’s efforts to use data and other internal assessment tools to identify trends, provide meaningful feedback for programming and to inform decision-making and strategic planning.
  * Assist IRAP staff and other key stakeholders to determine appropriate metrics and benchmarks to monitor, improve and further develop programs.
  * Work closely with the Management Team to build on existing evaluation tools to measure progress and success against key metrics for internal program improvement purposes as well as for external reporting purposes.
  * Monitor client experience, including the creation of a client feedback and complaint system for IRAP.
  * Assist in developing new and evolving approaches to evaluate and increase the impact of IRAP’s various intersecting strategies and communicate results both internally and externally.

Requirements
* Minimum of five years of experience implementing and managing a similar program, ideally in a nonprofit context.
* Demonstrated ability to translate evaluation findings and performance-based management data to affect program operations.
* Proven ability to lead complex projects that require the buy-in and participation of multiple stakeholders.
* Excellent communication skills with the ability to build coherent, meaningful narratives from data.
* Excellent strategic thinking skills, with the ability to operationalize concepts and transform ideas into action as well as apply research findings to ongoing program development.
* Strong methodological and analytical skills with demonstrated ability to employ mixed methods approaches to measure impact.
* Demonstrated experience in database management and using database software. 
* Knowledge of key evaluation principles, development of indicators, and measurement techniques.
* Be highly professional and team-oriented with a passion for excellence and eagerness to help the organization meet our goals.
* Strong verbal and written communication skills.


Salary: $73,645 to $96,305

Location: New York City, New York


[See more and apply here](https://refugeerights.org/hope-help/managerofme/)
