---
layout: single
title:  "Center for Tech and Civic Life: Technical Partnerships Manager"
tags: 
    - clientservices
    - data
    - datamanagement
---
Position Description
CTCL’s Civic Data team creates and maintains nationwide datasets of candidate and elected officials, working with our partners to ensure that everyone in America has access to information about how they can become and remain engaged with our democracy.  With elections happening year-round, our datasets constantly being updated, and partners’ needs evolving to fit the important work they do, that means a lot of moving parts! We’re looking for a Technical Partnerships Manager to work both with our team and our partners to ensure everyone is on the same page, and to create and maintain important infrastructure that allows our Civic Data programs to have maximal impact.

This position reports directly to the Director of Civic Data and it is strongly preferred that the position be based out of either CTCL’s Chicago or Washington, DC offices. Currently, all CTCL staff are working remotely as safe reopening conditions are evaluated.

Working with our Director of Civic Data, as well as across our research and engineering teams, the Technical Partnerships Manager will be uniquely positioned to not only ensure our Civic Data programs are being executed excellently but also to help us expand our work to support new partners and the broader civic data ecosystem. Examples of responsibilities include:
* Serve as a subject matter expert with a technical understanding of CTCL’s data offerings and partnerships, including both internal and external facing processes.
* Support the creation, distribution, and maintenance of high-quality, sometimes technical, documentation of CTCL’s offerings including partner-facing dashboards indicating data quality, freshness, and completeness.
* Develop and maintain relationships with both current and potential data partners, data consumers, and other stakeholders in the civic data ecosystem.
* Coordinate across our research & engineering teams to ensure our partner’s needs are being communicated and executed. 
* Work directly with partners and internally to triage, debug, and resolve issues with implementation of CTCL data products.
* Work with the Civic Data team to drive forward CTCL’s work on projects to benefit the civic data community, including in-person convening work as well as execution of ideas that arise from conversations among stakeholders.

Desired Qualifications
A successful candidate for the Technical Partnerships Manager position will have a comprehensive understanding of our mission and demonstrate a proven track record of success. In addition, while no candidate will possess every quality, the successful candidate will possess many of the following qualifications and personal attributes:
* Strong organizational and project management skills. This position will be responsible for keeping both internal and external teams aligned on several projects at once, each with many moving parts, so we’re looking for someone who can take in complexity and produce clarity.
* Experience building and maintaining automated reports. This could include experience with a practical scripting language, experience with manual and automated testing methods, building dashboards (including using third-party software), or other infrastructure work related to software engineering projects.
* Excellent relationship building and communication skills. This role will involve a great deal of interaction with our partners and involve translating technical requirements in plain language across teams, so we’re looking for someone who finds as much joy in talking to other humans as they do in well-written code.
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and results driven environment. Things can get hectic around election time, so we want someone who can develop procedures for making sure things go smoothly but also has the ability to adapt quickly when they don’t.

Salary: $55,000 – $60,000

Location: Washington, DC or Chicago, IL strongly preferred


[See more and apply here](https://www.techandciviclife.org/job-technical-partnerships-manager/)
