---
layout: single
title:  "Maine Votes and Maine Voices Network: Data and Technology Manager"
tags: 
    - analytics
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
    - tech
---
About Maine Votes and Maine Voices Network
Maine Votes is a state-based, 501(c)(4) convening “table” formed to build permanent advocacy
and campaign infrastructure, advance progressive policies, and protect and expand voting rights.
Maine Votes is an affiliate of America Votes.

Maine Voices Network is a state-based, 501(c)3 civic engagement “table” whose work is, by law,
not partisan or electoral in nature. Maine Voices Network is part of the national State Voices
Network.

Maine Votes and Maine Voices Network (collectively “MV/N”) serve as hubs where partners work
together, particularly to leverage research, policy, organizing, civic engagement, and elections to
achieve larger gains than any one group could on its own. The two tables coordinate to the extent
permissible by law, including sharing staff, who serve to drive coordination among partners,
increase state capacity, coordinate national and state strategies, make cutting edge data and
technology accessible, mobilize funding, and create a community of innovation.

MV/N partners and staff share a vision a just, equitable and prosperous society that treats every
single one of us with dignity and fairness; in which government reflects the race, class and gender
diversity of our communities and is a vehicle for addressing those challenges that need to be
resolved collectively, and; in which vulnerable communities are able to exercise all of their human
rights without fear, discrimination, or retaliation.

About the Data and Technology Manager position
Data is one of the most important and powerful ways we support grassroots organizing and social
change in the states. MV/N are seeking a well-organized, self-starter for a full-time, year-round
position as Data and Technology Manager. The Data and Technology Manager plays a key role in
the advancement of Maine’s progressive movement. MV/N offers a range of voter and
demographic data with a range of technologies to support partner programs and inform field
organizing strategies. The Data and Technology Manager will lead this work at the direction of the
Executive Director.

Principal Responsibilities for the Data and Technology Manager include:
Data Strategy and Table Support
* Using data, VAN, and other technologies, work with MV/N partner organizations to
support the development of their field organizing and voter contact plans and make
strategic recommendations on how best to use data effectively, including standards for
data collection, data acquisition, and preservation.
* Work with other table staff to lead MV/N on the production of written reports, data
analysis, and coordination efforts; providing strategic, data-driven recommendations to
partners on data and civic engagement technology.
* Provide relevant materials that support collective strategy and partner programs,
including the creation of target universes, list match reports, and trends/disparity
analyses.
* Provide technical assistance with the use of VAN and other technologies which includes
handling partner data requests, uploading data, setting up predictive dialer phone banks,
robocalls and robosurveys, supporting MiniVAN, etc.
* Strategic planning assistance – support coalition partners through the development of
campaign plans (electoral, civic engagement, voting rights, and issue campaigns), providing
technical assistance, responding to programmatic requests, and participating actively in
long-range strategic planning for the Maine progressive movement.

VAN & Tools Management
* Monitor use of the VAN system to ensure compliance with state and national policies,
including the data MOU process. Provide partner staff and volunteers training on better
data hygiene and data collection practices.
* Maintain documentation of all voter contact, turnout, and election protection data.
* Make recommendations for additional field tools that will support the table’s strategy and
partner field work.
* Provide VAN administration by managing user and security settings for table partners and
their consultants

Experience & Skills: The ideal candidate will possess the following minimum qualifications:
Required:
* At least one year serving in a data role with a campaign or advocacy organization, or at
least two previous cycles of field management experience.
* Experience using VAN (Voter Activation Network)/VoteBuilder.
* Base knowledge of how to read and understand voter, demographic, and other data sets
and ability to communicate about that data to non-technical audiences.
* Advanced proficiency in Excel.
* A willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills that will further the
mission of the table and assist in presenting data to partners in an accessible manner.
* Demonstrated commitment to racial and gender equity and record of success working
with communities of color, women, low-income people, LGBTQIA individuals, and/or other
historically marginalized communities.

Nice to have but not required:
* Experience working in coalition with partners or experience working in diverse
communities.
* Experience mentoring, managing, or training staff is preferred.
* Experience with or knowledge of data management, database administration, reporting
and analysis, and/or digital organizing tools is a plus.
* Familiarity with SMS-based and/or relational voter contact tools.
* Experience using SQL, along with Python, R, Julia, or any other data analysis tool.

Compensation: Compensation is $55,000 - $65,000 and includes a competitive benefits package,
including medical insurance, retirement benefits, paid vacation, sick, and medical leave.
Location: The position is located in Maine with the ability to work remotely with regular travel or
in an Augusta-based office. All staff are working fully remotely during the current COVID-19
crisis.

Salary: $55,000-$65,000

Location: Maine, but remote due to COVID.


[See more and apply here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18lul6qwDF4qoTvl5MZxX8nzyzS_rRvRo/edit)
