---
layout: single
title:  "Organizing Together 2020: North Carolina Data Director"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - data
    - datamanagement
---

Organizing Together 2020 is a coalition of organizations, organizers and activists working together to advance progressive issues and defeat President Trump. Organizing Together 2020 is a federal independent campaign that will build community based, volunteer driven, issue and electoral organizational capacity for the general election campaign. Organizing Together 2020 will organize early to build a robust organization ready to fully support a nominee for the general election. Organizing Together 2020 is an independent effort not affiliated with any candidate or political party committee. Organizing Together 2020 staff will be employed by 2020 Campaign Services, INC.  Learn more about Organizing Together 2020 by copying and pasting this link: https://t.co/kv6qKtX04U?amp=1

The Data Director will build and manage the data infrastructure to support community-based, volunteer-driven organizational capacity in North Carolina. The Data Director will report to the State Director and work closely with the State Organizing Director and National Data Director to provide the data resources needed for a robust, effective organizing program.


Responsibilities
* Develop strategies to support organizing program with a focus on how data can be used to help build a robust volunteer organization & infrastructure
* Drive a data-driven organizing culture in which data is a key component of campaign decision-making and in which data’s role is to support the work of organizers and volunteers on the ground
* Act as the data administrator for all campaign data in North Carolina
* Create and implement processes for data management
* Create and maintain reports and all regular reporting needs in the state and work closely with the organizing team to create reports as needed 
* Manage integrity, security, and availability of data
* Support data needs of digital organizing program in the state 
* Support training needs of state-based staff and support volunteer trainings


Requirements
* 3-5 years of experience managing data at the state level
* Federal electoral (preferably presidential) experience as well as 501(c)(4) work, with a strong understanding of legal requirements and restrictions 
* Respect for state-based organizations, leaders and programs
* Ability to translate technical data to a non-technical audience 
* Experience training on technical topics and data tools
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Exceptional attention to detail and organizational skills with a strong sense of urgency and the ability to work effectively under pressure;
* Ability to work in a high pressure environment, and meet tight timelines 
* Team player with strong interpersonal skills and sound judgmentDedicated to working for Democratic candidates and causes


About the Organization:
2020 Campaign Services INC. was established by Presidential campaign alumni to build organization in battleground states. We help progressive organizations build community based, volunteer driven campaigns.

2020 Campaign Services, INC is committed to diversity among its staff, and recognizes that its continued success requires the highest commitment to obtaining and retaining a diverse staff that provides the best quality services to supporters and constituents. 2020 Campaign Services, INC strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply. 2020 Campaign Services, INC is an equal opportunity employer and it is our policy to recruit, hire, train, promote and administer any and all personnel actions based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications without regard to race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, and military and veteran status, or because another person perceives a person to have one or more of these characteristics. 2020 Campaign Services, INC will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.


Salary: Competitive

Location: North Carolina


[See more and apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/2020campaignservices/80a61477-4ee5-447e-8404-e7a363607c7a)
