---
layout: single
title:  "Windows to the World: Director of Data Management and Strategy"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - executive
    - nonprofit
---

WTTW (Chicago PBS) and WFMT (Classical radio) are seeking a full-time Director of Data Management and Strategy. The director will be accountable for providing data solutions to our fundraising teams; and maintaining, developing, and extracting data from our donor relationship and fundraising database.


KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
* Determine organization’s fundraising needs, translate needs into system requirements and applications, design technical specification and testing protocols, and put into production.
* Analyze, query, and extract donor and fundraising campaign data; execute a variety of data management operations (e.g., query writing, list development, data segmentation, front- and back-end analysis) in the Tessitura Network database.
* Work with fundraising and marketing teams to develop data segmentation strategies with outcomes of marketing efficiency, revenue generation, and membership growth.
* Work with internal and external partners to identify and implement solutions to complex data questions; identify areas of opportunity based on analysis and insights.
* Create and document new data procedures and protocols; develop, document, and distribute fundraising performance and data analytics.
* Perform routine monitoring and testing of data populations to maintain data integrity; work with data entry and member services teams to ensure accurate data integrity.
* Identify data and database training needs and opportunities for internal teams.
* Interface with vendors to establish accurate file exchanges, share information, and address data and systems problems.
* Work with IT to develop and maintain security, including user data access, data use and storage, and security for vendor file exchanges.
* Perform other duties as assigned.
 

EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
* 5+ years of database management experience in multi-user business environment with high standards for accuracy; experience with Tessitura Network database preferred
* High level of proficiency with Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel and Access
* Aptitude with creating Pivot tables/Power Pivots, and querying data using Microsoft Excel
* Intermediate to advanced knowledge of SQL scripting and relational database architecture
* Excellent research and analytical skills
* Experience successfully working in an atmosphere of multiple projects, shifting priorities, and deadline pressure
* Proven collaborator, communicator, problem solver, and project manager


EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS:
* Bachelor’s degree in computer science, systems, database, or related area
* Demonstrated experience working with relationship management database and reporting tools
* SQL training and experience


Salary: Not listed

Location: Chicago, IL


[See more and apply here](https://careers.npo.net/jobs/ja/13299616/&utm_source=BTI_JOB_ALERT&utm_medium=email)
