---
layout: single
title:  "Organize New Hampshire: Absentee Ballot Data Coordinator"
tags: 
    - campaigns
    - civicengagement
    - data
    - datamanagement
---
Organize New Hampshire -- the New Hampshire Democratic Coordinated Campaign -- is seeking
a highly motivated Absentee Ballot Data Coordinator to help ensure Democratic victories across
the state. 2020 is going to be a critical year for New Hampshire Democrats. The New Hampshire
Coordinated Campaign is the umbrella organization under which that state party combines and
focuses its resources for targeted races ensuring New Hampshire elects Democrats up and down
the ballot this November. This position reports to the Data Director.

Your role will include, but not be limited to:
* Manage collection of all absentee ballot data (requests and returns) from SOS, and town
clerks.
* Communicates with volunteer data captains, and holds them accountable to data
collection.
* Works with our Voter Protection and Organizing teams on tracking data on the full
absentee ballot lifecycle. Works with other members of the data team to produce
accurate and timely reports.
* Works to process any voter file updates from the Secretary of State and, confirms polling
locations and other voting information with town and city officials.

We encourage you to apply if you’ve got a combination of the following:
* One or more cycles of campaign experience. Management experience as part of an
organizing program is a plus.
* Interest in campaign data and a strong foundation with google sheets, excel
spreadsheets and Votebuilder.


Salary: $4,500/month

Location: Not Listed


[See more and apply here](https://b9855d0b-3c11-4c17-964b-9f12435a501f.filesusr.com/ugd/696cec_1dea59e6ec4a44f4beb0517f411edc9d.pdf)
