---
layout: single
title:  "Communications Workers of America: Data Specialist"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
    - tech
    - union
---
In preparing for the opportunities and challenges ahead of us, the Communications Workers of America (CWA) is investing more deeply in technology that can amplify the voices and needs of working people in our democracy. Are you a creative problem solver who can foster collaboration to get things done? Do you like details and making processes more efficient? Join our growing team! Together we will brainstorm, collaborate, build, and continue to improve the ways in which CWA takes data in from and about its members and uses it to make high stakes decisions. You will work with CWA staff and affiliates to support leadership development of rank and file members.

CWA represents public and private sector workers in telecommunications, information technology, the airline industry, news media, broadcast and cable television, education, health care and public service, law enforcement, manufacturing and other fields.

The Data Specialist works in the Secretary-Treasurer's office with the Director of Data and Information Systems as well as the Organizing Department. In this role, you will have a rare opportunity in a new position to develop and implement data strategy at one of America's most progressive labor unions. CWA believes in a member-led union and that the union should reflect our membership at all levels. By systematically tracking participation in union programs and skill development, we believe we can better identify candidates to take on more responsibility within CWA and areas where we as a union are missing opportunities to support our members.

Responsibilities
In this role, you will work primarily with CWA's organizing tools and a variety of datasets to monitor progress of a leadership development pipeline for rank and file members. This data will be used to systematically track who from our membership is trained in which skills and areas of the union’s programming. 
* Load Action Builder with relevant data sets including participants of special events, steward trainings, local officer schools, political bootcamps and other programming
* Contribute to an interdepartmental plan and accountability system to maintain that data moving forward
* Administer, support, and train users
* Work with leadership and staff to establish standards for data collection, acquisition, preservation, analytics, and hygiene
* Produce reports to assess the impact of union-wide programming

Required Skills and Experience:
We are looking for someone who is committed to CWA's vision of economic justice and who has a real passion for implementing systems that enable organizations to thrive.
* Ability to manage person-level data for a large member-based organization
* Ability to train people with a range of skillsets on technical tools
* Ability to apply flexibility and creative problem solving to enforce the necessary use of certain systems
* Ability to manipulate and transfer datasets
* Organized with attention to detail
* Experience handling multiple responsibilities, working independently within the context of a plan
* Good communication and relationship-building skills including the ability to communicate technical subjects to users and organization leadership
* Curious, a brave learner, not afraid to pursue challenges and growth opportunities
* Ability to travel and work long and extended hours when needed

We especially encourage applications from people who have these additional skills:
* Familiarity with online and electoral tools and datasets such as Catalist, VAN, and other constituent relationship management tools like Action Network
* Moderate or better SQL ability
* Experience with programming language such as Python or R
* ETL (extract, transfer, load) experience with messy data sets
* Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Periscope, or Google Data Studio
* Experience working with APIs
* Experience with Civis Platform

In addition you should be comfortable with using the Microsoft Office suite and GSuite/Google Apps.

Salary: $59,114 - $83,336

Location: Remote until offices in Washington, DC can safely open.


[See more and apply here](https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?job=36897&clientkey=3DD4D8AF8C58AF2A4AA4B0629E6428E9)
