---
layout: single
title:  "CADC, LCC: Data Director"
tags: 
    - data
    - datamanagement
    - digital
    
---
CADC, LLC is seeking qualified, highly motivated individuals to fill the role of Data Director. The data director will be responsible for ensuring that programs are run off of the best data possible and in the most data‐driven way possible.  

CADC specializes in direct voter contact on behalf of progressive candidates and causes. CADC’s leadership has decades of combined experience with campaigns of all shapes and sizes, from Presidential campaigns, the DSCC and DCCC, national issue advocacy campaigns, and municipal races.

Applicants for the position should possess strong organizational and communication skills as well as the ability to multitask and meet deadlines. Applicants should be willing to relocate as necessary. Applicants must possess reliable transportation, a valid driver’s license, working laptop, and be willing to work extended hours and weekends.

Data Director Responsibilities:
* Administering VoteBuilder, including answering support requests.
* Creating reports on program and staff progress and production. 
* Using GIS tools to create geospatial analyses. 
* Working with consultants and partners to create precisely targeted voter contact universes and custom reports.

Desired Skills and Experience:
* Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines under pressure.
* One or more cycle of campaign experience
* Administrator level VoteBuilder experience
* Advanced experience with Microsoft Excel. 
* Previous SQL experience. 
* Experience with GIS programs, including QGIS. 
* Must be self‐motivated and willing to work extremely long hours, including nights and weekends, in a fast‐paced and high‐pressure environment. 

Compensation and Application Submission:
* This position is salaried, full-time, short-term position
* Application Deadline: Hiring Immediately 
* CADC, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer
* Interested candidates should email a resume and 3 professional references to jobs@cadc-llc.com with the subject line, “Data Director”

Salary: Not listed

Location: Not listed
